He revealed that companies are discovering that they 'd be better off not just inundating us with logos , but appealing to our sensory shopping as well . Our senses are incredibly important in helping us interpret the world around us , and in turn play a critical role in our behavior . Of all our senses , smell is the most primal , the most deeply rooted . When we smell something , the odor receptors in our noses make a beeline to our limbic system , which controls our emotions , memories , and sense of well-being . As a result , our gut response is instantaneous . With all other senses , you think before you respond , but with scent , your brain responds before you think . This helps us understand why most modern supermarkets now have bakeries so close to the store entrance . Not only does the fragrance of just-baked bread signal freshness and evoke powerful feelings of comfort and domesticity , but store managers know that when the aroma of baking bread or doughnuts assails your nose , you 'll get hungry - to the point where you just may discard your shopping list and start picking up food you had n't planned on buying . In fact , the whiff o baking bread has proven a profitable exercise in increasing sales across many product lines . In Japan , Matsuzakaya Department Store releases different scents into the air depending on the time of day , stimulating scents are released early in the day to invigorate shoppers , while soothing scents are released later in the day . All are aimed at encouraging customers to spend as much time - and money - in the store as possible . The potential of sensory marketing does not end here . Stores know quite well the extent to which the senses are intertwined ; that sight can help you imagine touch and that the sense of touch enhances a sense of belonging . Indeed , we like to stroke , rub , caress , and run our fingers through the garments we are considering before we commit to buying them - kind of like sensory test run . Why do you think those tables of clothing at GAP and UNIQLO stores are positioned where they are ? To be looked at ? Of course not . They 're there awaiting your fingers . This is why stores place piles of appealingly textured clothes at their entrances - they cry out to be handled and tried on , drawing you inside the store , where further temptation awaits . The sense of touch servers to evoke associations of a collaboration and partnership between you and the product as you embark on a journey together , hand in hand . This assault on your senses will be more effective in winning your mind , your loyalty , and your dollars than you ever thought possible . So , even if you wonder why there are moments when you seemingly lose control and end up on a shopping spree , do n't worry . You may not be greedy ; clever marketing strategies were at work to tap into your most primal urges . There is a new business model that has been a focus of attention of farmers and agricultural business . Every year , more than 5000 people , from farmers to municipalities , visit Wagoen for inspection . Wagoen is a corporation . The company is mainly composed of young farmers in Chiba prefecture , and its gross revenue is over five billion yen . There are three successful features the visitors want to learn Wagoen . The first one is their sales route . Most Japanese farmers cannot decide the prices of their products , for they ship their products to Japan Agricultural Cooperatives or other wholesale markets , where others decide the prices . So , when there is an excessive supply of a product , farmers need to dispose of their products to control the price , which otherwise would be marked down so much that they could not live on the income . This pricing system , in combination with the difficulties of competing with imported food products , has made it challenging for farmers to profit . To overcome this problem , Wagoen purchases about fifty items of vegetables and fruits from about ninety member farmers , and sells them directly to contract supermarkets and restaurants . By doing so , they can tailor their production to their customers' needs , which enables them to cut costs greatly . In other words , having their own sales routes allows them to do market-oriented business , which has been rare in agriculture ; most farmers grow what they want without paying much attention to the markets . Another feature is their own recycling system , where they reuse waste from food processing and ranches as fertilizer . Moreover , methane gas produced during this recycling process is utilized for electricity and forklifts . We do n't adopt any cutting-edge system , but just follow the traditional way , in a more modern way . Japanese farmers used to use the waste of cows and pigs as fertilizer by mixing it with fallen leaves ,  Hirokazu Kiuchi , president of Wagoen , says . All our existence depends on the providence of nature . Japan is rich in nature with four seasons , which makes the soil fertile . We just work in harmony with nature . Traceability , by which consumers can check the safety of the products , is the third feature . Wagoen has a database of the farmers' fertilizers and pesticides to show to the customers , and this has proved they can add additional value to their products if there is consumer anxiety over safety . Overseas markets are also being considered , and the company already has farms in Thailand , for it believes the world markets for delicious and safe food will expand more and more . Many Japanese see agriculture as an old industry , but the value of producing food will never go down . People cannot live without food , and food is closely tied to health ,  Kiuchi claim . Japanese agriculture has achieved high levels of efficiency , productivity , and safety , and can contribute to the world with these . Another outstanding agricultural business model that business critics have paid attention to is Hirata Farm in Sakata , Yamagata Prefecture . Kaichi Nitta and his son run a successful corporation involved in stock farming , processing , sales , and the food service industry under the name of Hirata Farm , whose revenue is over sixteen billion yen . Nitta handed over this ancestral paddies to his brother and started a piggery wit only two pigs in 1953 . Like many farming industries , the pork market often collapses depending on supply . From this he decided not to compete with other piggeries in terms of price but in terms of quality . After years of trial and error , including importing pigs from Europe , he succeeded in breeding a new type of pig , using a Landrace from the Netherlands , a Duroc form the U.S.A. , and a Berkshire from Kagoshima to produce the renowned ternary pig called " Sangenton . " In today 's business , great emphasis is put on efficiency , but with Hirata Farm , that is not the case . They attach more importance to quality than to efficiency . While most piggeries raise pigs for 180 days before shipping , they raise pigs that grow slowly for about 200 days . In addition , the pigs are not resilient to stress , so they need a larger and cleaner space to live . Surprisingly , more than 10 percent of their feed consists of rice . This is how " the most expensive pork in Japan , " as they call it , is produced . The price of Hirata Farm 's pork is reasonable considering its safety , as it backed by quality assurance systems such as ISO and HACCP . The farm has a long history of developing safe food products . Nowadays most people are concerned about food safety ; however , several decades ago , most people were not . When Seikatsu Club began to demand safe food products , Nitta tried to meet the demand . He began working on additive-free sausages in 1971 . At that time , ordinary customers preferred artificially orange-colored sausages to whitish additive-free ones , as they were not aware of the sorbic acid or sodium nitrite , which is a carcinogen . In 1986 , after improving the ways of vacuum-packing and transporting , not to mention preventive measures against germs and epidemics , the first completely additive-free sausages in Japan were sold by Seikatsu Club in Tokyo . Like Wagoen , Hirata Farm 's sales routes are limited to the shops where it can decide the prices . Nitta once had a deal with a huge supermarket , but it did not last long . That was because the supermarket to Nitta , obviously seemed arrogant and kept on cutting down the supply price , as is still often seen in the relationship between huge corporations and small factories in the provinces . It is an irony that the supermarket later ran a huge deficit while Hirata Farm has become a successful business model . Nitta has accomplished another remarkable feat : the establishment of the Eastern Marine Silk-Road , which connects Harbin in China , Khabarovsk in Russia , and Sakata by way of the Amur River . This had been considered impossible . The first cargo came to Sakata Port in 1992 . Thanks to this route , we will have more and more opportunities to do business in Russia and China . Nitta recalls , " When my father did n't allow me to go on to college , I told myself to find out what my mission was : why I was born and what I was supposed to achieve . My mission was to work at a piggery , and it was my dream to run the best piggery in Japan . I cannot imagine a life without a dream . " The man who had spent hundred of nights with his pigs in a pigsty and overcome numerous economic crises surely has completed his mission . Long ago , there was nothing to do with thoughts except remember them , and ideas preserved in memory were passed orally through generations . Thus writing was a revolutionary invention to remind people of what they already knew . People no longer had to totally rely on what was retained in the brain . For the previous few centuries , technologies such as paper , books , and photographs had helped store and retrieve memories . However , could people who lived during that period have foreseen how digital information would let people externalize their memories in the twenty-first century ? Today , it seems we remember very little . According to a survey conducted by a neuropsychologist , a third of the people under the age of thirty can 't remember even their own home number without looking at their mobile phones . The same survey found that 30 percent of all adults can 't remember the birthdays of more than three immediate family members . Our gadgets have eliminated the need to remember such things anymore . Forgotten phone numbers and birthdays represent erosions of our everyday memory because of technologies . These technologies for storing information outside our minds have helped our world , but they 've also changed how we think and how we use our brains . The more our lives move online , the more dramatically the relationship between our internal and external memories changes . Photographs , videos , and digital recordings are , like books , the new tools for our memories . Lifelogging , or tracking yourself with digital devices , is the next logical step . Gordon Bell , a seventy-three-year-old computer scientist , has kept a digital memory in addition to the one in his brain . It records anything and everything that might be forgotten . A small digital camera is hung around his neck and records every sight that passes before his eyes . A digital recorder captures every sound he hears . He also uses the memory and his custom search engine to instantly figure out where he was and who he was with at any moment . Since he 's got a photographic record , he has no excuse for losing anything . His digital memory never forgets . For now , Bell 's internal and external memories are n't always together . In order for him to access one of his stored external memories , he still has to find it on his computer and " re-input " it into his brain through his eyes and ears . His lifelog may be an extension of him , but it is not yet a part of him . But in the not-so-distant future , the distance between what Bell 's computer knows and what his mind knows may disappear . Eventually our brains may be connected directly to our lifelogs , so that our external memories will function and feel as if they are entirely internal . Could this decisive weapon against forgetting lead us to a better life ? We live in a technological universe in which we are always communicating . And yet we have sacrificed conversation for mere connection . Over the past fifteen years , I 've studied technologies of mobile connection and talked to hundreds of people of all ages and circumstances about their plugged-in lives . I 've learned that the little devices most of us carry around are so powerful that they change not only what we do , but also who we are . We 've become accustomed to a new way of being " alone together . " Technology-enabled , we are able to customize our lives . However , we can end up hiding from one another , even though we are constantly connected to one another . At home , families sit together , texting and reading e-mail . Walking through a college campus , one often sees students in their own bubbles , totally engrossed in their keyboards and tiny touch screens . A businessman laments that he no longer has colleagues at work because they 're too busy with their e-mail to have a conversation . In the silence of connection , people are comforted by being in touch with a lot of people : not too close , not too far , just right . Texting , e-mailing , and posting let us present the self we want to be . This is because we can edit or delete at the touch of our fingertips . We can even retouch : the voice , the skin , the face , the body . Not too much , not too little - just right . Human relationships are complex ; they 're messy and demanding . We have learned to clean them up with technology . And the move from conversation to connection is part of this . But it 's a process in which we shortchange ourselves . Worse , it seems that over time we stop caring , and forget that there is a difference between an online connection and a real conversation . During the years I have spent researching people and their relationships with technology , I have often heard the sentiment " No one is listening to me . " I believe this feeling helps explain why it is so appealing to have a Facebook page or a Twitter feed - each provides so many automatic listeners . And it helps explain why - against all reason - so many of us are willing to talk to machines that seem to care about us . One of the most haunting experiences during my research came when I brought a robot , designed in the shape of an animal baby , to an elder-care facility , and an older woman began to talk to it about the loss of her child . The robot seemed to be looking into her eyes . It seemed to be following the conversation . The woman was comforted . And so many people found this amazing . This enthusiasm speaks to how much we have confused conversation with connection . But why would we wan to talk about love and loss with a machine that has no experience of human life ? Have we so lost confidence that we will be there for one another ? We expect more from technology and less from one another and seem increasingly drawn to technologies that provide the illusion of companionship without the demands of relationship . Always-on / always-on-you devices provide three powerful fantasies : that we will always be heard ; that we will always be heard : that we can focus our attention on whatever we want to ; and that we never have to be alone . Indeed our new devices have turned being alone into a problem that can be solved . When people are alone , even for a few moments , they fidget and reach for a device . Here , connection works like a symptom , not a cure , and our constant , reflexive impulse to connect shapes a new way of being . Think of it as " I share , therefore I am . " We use technology to define ourselves by sharing our thoughts and feelings as we 're having them . We used to think , " I have a feeling ; I want to make a call . " Now our impulse is , " I want to have a feeling ; I need to send a text . " So , in order to feel more , and to feel more like ourselves , we connect . But in our rush to connect , we flee from solitude , our ability to be separate and gather ourselves . Lacking the capacity for solitude , we turn to other people , but do n't experience them as they are . It is as though we use them , as spare parts to support our increasingly fragile selves . We think constant connection will make us feel less lonely . The opposite is true . If we are unable to be alone , we are far more likely to be lonely . If we do n't teach our children to be alone , they will know only how to be lonely . I am a partisan for conversation . To make room for it , I need to take some deliberate steps . At home , we can create sacred spaces : the kitchen , the dining room . We can make our cars " device-free zones . " We can demonstrate the value of conversation to our children . We can do the same thing at work as well . There we are so busy communicating that we often do n't have time to talk to one another about what really matters . Employees asked for casual Fridays ; perhaps managers should introduce conversational Thursdays . Most of all , we need to remember - in between texts and e-mails and Facebook posts - to listen to one another , even to the boring bits , because it is often in unedited moments , moments in which we hesitate and stutter and go silent , that we reveal ourselves to one another . I spend the summers at a cottage on Cape Cod , and for decades I have walked the same dunes that Thoreau once walked . Not too long ago , people walked with their heads up , looking at the water , the sky , the sand and at one another , talking . Now they often walk with their heads down , typing . Even when they are with friends , partners , or children , everyone is on their own devices . So I way , look up , look at one another , and let 's start a conversation . In 1998 , John Wood , at age of thirty-four , took a vacation that changed his life . The young American tour in the Himalayas as a reward for years of nonstop work . At a hotel bar in a remote village in Nepal , he struck up a conversation with a man , who invited John to visit the local school . John discovered that there were only a few books in the school library , and that they were non-children 's books that had been cast away by backpackers . They were considered so precious that they were kept under lock and key to protect them from children . John wondered ,  " How could this be happening in a world with such an abundance of material goods ? " This was extremely shocking to John , who had grown up with a great love for books since childhood . Back in Australia , while his work at Microsoft , the U.S.-based software giant , resumed its crazy pace , John started debating a radical change within himself . For years he had taken intense pride in working for the leading company with a high salary and benefits . The trip to Nepal , however , brought him questions :  " Did it really matter how many copies of computer software we sold in Taiwan this month when millions of children were without access to books ? " and " How could I get excited about our plan to promote electronic commerce in Hong Kong when seven out of ten kids in Nepal faced life-long illiteracy ? " John then started preparing to walk away from his privileged life . The thought of plans to bring books to children in Nepal and to go even further to help promote education across the developing world made him so excited . He knew he had to free himself first from any constraints that would prevent him from the pursuit of his dream . It was a tough moment . John brought out the plan to his boss , Michael , who trusted and desperately needed him . Moreover John had to say goodbye to his girlfriend Sophie as his decision to take a risk and jump into the unknown was far beyond her understanding . In 1999 , John left Microsoft and established Room to Read , an organization pursuing quality education for all children around the world . From a small start - just a simple e-mail requesting used book donations - Room to Read has grown into a highly acclaimed non-profit organization . It has established over 14000 libraries , distributed over eleven million books , and built more than 1500 school , impacting the lives of over six million children in Asia and Africa . These figures are updated regularly and show what a big difference those involved are actually making . The successful expansion and sound management of this non-profit venture has been greatly supported by the lessons John learned in the competitive business world . Room to Read is still growing in the strong belief that education is crucial in breaking the cycles of poverty and taking control of one 's life . What would you do if you were stranded at sea in a small inflatable raft ? Steven Callahan went through the ordeal of a survival drift in real life . On February 5 , 1982 , some 800 miles west of the Canary Islands , his boat , Napoleon Solo , capsized in a storm . Callahan , then thirty , found himself alone and adrift in a leaky inflatable raft with few resources . He collected rainwater for drinking and fashioned a makeshift spear for fishing . He ate barnacles , took notes on is experience and did yoga to maintain his sanity . Other than that , he waited and drifted west . Seventy-six days later , on April 21 , a boat discovered him off the coast of Guadeloupe . Even today , he is one of the only people who have lasted more than a month at sea on their own . For Callahan , survival was a matter of choice , but we cannot help wondering why he could hold on to his hope of survival for so long . Experiments with rats and dogs tell us that former experiences of successful control can give them favorable attitudes in a troubled situation , while former experiences of complete loss of control make them weaker and helpless . The belief that control is possible seems to be a resource of our behavior , and so when we view life in terms of the choices we make , it becomes clear that choice is an enormously powerful force , an essential determinant of how we live . Humans do have two interconnected and yet distinct systems for processing information and arriving at answers or judgments . Take a look at the " marshmallow studies , " conducted in the late 1960s by renowned psychologist Walter Mischel . In this study , children from four to six years old were led into a room , where a treat of their choices - cookie , marshmallow , or pretzel stick - was placed on a table . The children could eat the marshmallow , but were promised two if they waited for fifteen minutes without giving in to temptation . In over 600 children who took part in the experiment , a minority followed the fast , unconscious automatic system and ate the marshmallow immediately . Of those attempted to delay , following what the slow , conscious reflective system told them , one-third deferred gratification long enough to get the teenagers who had obeyed the reflective system and held out for a full fifteen minutes when on to have stronger friendships , better coping skills , and fewer behavioral problem . They even scored an average of 200 points higher on the SAT , or Scholastic Aptitude Test , than the children who had given in to temptation immediately . Though the reflective system may not be solely responsible for the positive outcomes , the correlation suggests that we should n't underestimate its impact on our lives . Should we , then , rely on the reflective system to choose our boyfriend or girlfriend ? Tim Wilson and his colleagues at the University of Virginia observed this in practice by asking partners in romantic relationships to fill out a questionnaire about how happy they were with each other . Some were asked to list as many reasons as possible for their relationship 's current state and to think carefully about these reasons before completing the questionnaire . When researchers followed up with the couples seven to nine months later to see if they were still together , they found that the intuitive ratings were highly predictive of the couple 's success , but the ratings based on reasoned analysis , which the reflective systems must have produced , were almost entirely related . The people who analyzed their relationships thoroughly and concluded that they were doing very well were just as likely to have separated as the people who reasoned that their relationships had serious imperfections . This study seems to nudge us toward relying on the automatic system for matters of the heart , but a study by Donald Dutton and Arthur Aron , dubbed " love on a suspension bridge , " should give us pause for thought . The study was conducted on two bridges : one was side , sturdy and just ten feet above the placid river , while the second one was suspended 230 feet above the rocks and rapids at a much rougher point in the same river , and tended to sway with the wind or whenever anyone crossed it . The subjects , male sightseers , stopped in the middle by an attractive female experimenter , were asked to write a short story and given her phone number in case the subjects " wanted to talk further . " Half of the participants who crossed the swaying suspension bridge called the beauty later while of the men who walked the stable bridge only one-eight made the phone call . The stories written on the shaky bridge also contained more sexual overtones . It tells us that heightened emotions , in this case , fear , might be confused with attraction toward something and that we should not utterly depend on the automatic system . Our choice is not only a matter of inner self , but also influenced by our surrounding factors . The " not a copycat " impulse is an example to be mentioned . In a restaurant with your friends , for example , you must have had the experience of avoiding ordering the same dish your friends ordered before you did , after which you regretted doing so . Regardless of what you order , people who choose in sequence , except for the first person , tend to be less satisfied with their choice . This sort of experience demonstrates that as we form and express our identity , we need others to see us as we see ourselves . We want to find common ground , but not to be a copycat . The need is so powerful that we may even behave in ways inconsistent with our true desires in order to avoid creating the " wrong " impression . We can 't avoid the fact that any choice we make may be considered a statement about who we are , but some choices speak more loudly than others . Choice requires us to think more deeply about who we are , both within ourselves and in the eyes of others . If we set aside a statue of the perfect self , we might be able to see identity as a dynamic process rather than a static object . We are sculptors , finding ourselves in the evolution of choosing , not merely in the results of choice . When we change our thinking to embrace a more fluid process , choice will become no longer a force of destruction , an effort to break down what we do n't want to be , but an ongoing , liberating act of creation . Our obligation , then , is to find the choice that makes sense today , that fulfills our needs given our immediate social context . Our choices are always interconnected with the choices of others , and we are known for our previous and current choices , not for the imaginary " perfect " self within . The writer Flannery O'Connor reportedly said ,  " I write to discover what I know . " Perhaps we can take a page from her book and say ,  " I choose to discover who I am . " A winning one-million-dollar lottery ticket picked out of a trash can has become the subject of a three-way legal battle in Arkansas . If you were a juror , how would you rule on this case ? Here is what happened . Sharon Jones was at a convenience store in July 2011 in Beebe , Arkansas , when she went to the shop 's special trash can put out for customers to throw away non-winning tickets . She picked up a handful of them , as she had done many times before . A program on the lottery commission web site allows people to register non-winning tickets for points that van be used for secondary prizes . On Sunday , Sharon entered these tickets in the program . However , the program would n't give her points on one particular ticket . After trying three times , she called in her husband , and the two realized that the numbers on the ticket were n't fully scratched off . After her husband scratched off the last number , they realized it was a match for the million-dollar prize . Jones turned in the ticket and received a check worth 680000 dollars . After the check was issued , the lottery commission began the process of confirming all winning tickets and in the course of the investigation , surveillance footage showed Jones grabbing a handful of discarded tickets from the trash can . Shortly after it was revealed that Jones had plucked the winning ticket , the store manager , Lisa Petriches , claimed that customers were not allowed to take tickets from the garbage can and that those tickets belonged to her . A month after Jones and collected her check , Petriches filed a lawsuit against her , claiming the winning ticket was hers . Besides the two women , another Sharon , Sharon Duncan , joined the lawsuit in January 2012 when she claimed that she was the one who had originally purchased the ticket and that the jackpot rightfully belonged to her . She testified that the lottery scanner had told her that she was not a winner , and she would not have discarded the ticket if she had known its worth . Here 's each woman 's testimony . Finders keepers ? Sharon Jones , the finder of the ticket I have been taking discarded tickets from the store for years , but no one has told me not to take tickets out of the trash . Essentially it 's a case of " finders keepers . " Besides , I have already spent some of the money . You know , having to pay back all the money may be difficult . Trash to treasure ? Lisa Petriches , the store manager If Jones had not plucked the ticket from our trash , it would have belonged to the store . Whoever the original buyer was , when the ticket was abandoned by the buyer , the ownership of the ticket was passed on to the store . That means I have the right to the winning ticket . Buyer has the ownership ? Sharon Duncan , the buyer of the ticket I would never have thrown it away if only I had known the ticket was a winner . Thought I threw away the ticket , I did not abandon the claim to it that I gained with my purchase of the twenty-dollar ticket . Whether I threw it away or not , the right to the winning ticket still remains with me . Now , you have to determine who owns the winning ticket and explain the reason for your decision . Are you ready ? Most people in Japan think about the law only when something goes wrong in their life , such as when they suffer a burglary , a divorce , or an accident . Only a few people might wish to have contact with the legal system , but as a matter of course , our lives are closely connected with the law . We are constantly required to live in accordance with the law . The law not only protects us from crimes but also forms our society . It sometimes reforms our society , doing away with conventional ways . The roles of men and women used to be decidedly different . The belief that women 's most important duty was taking care of the child was deeply rooted in Japanese culture . Childcare kept women from working outside . Men 's duty was working and being the breadwinner . In order to eliminate this belief from our society , Articles 14 and 24 in the Constitution of Japan , which were drafted in 1946 by Beate Sirota Gordon , an interpreter for GHQ , guarantee equality before the law and outlaw discrimination against Japanese citizens based on sex . The Law for Equal Opportunity in Employment , enacted in 1985 , is aimed at realizing and embodying sexual equality in the Constitution . However , even today , mothers have had difficulty managing work and childcare , and often fathers are too busy working to consider their family . The Japanese Government has enacted some laws for childcare and family care to support working parents and reform our society . The revised Childcare and Family-care Leave Law took effect on June 30 , 2010 , to encourage men 's participation in childcare . The law has a new rule called a " dad and mom child-care leave plus system . " The original Childcare Leave Law allowed either parent to take childcare leave , or both parents to take it by turns , until the baby was one year old . Under the new law , if both parents want to take childcare leave , they are able to take it by turns until the baby is one year and two months old . For example , immediately after the mother takes one year off , the father is allowed to take two months off to take care of the baby . During the leave , parents receive 50 percent of their salary as childcare leave benefits . The new law also requires companies to set up a system under which their employees can work shorter hours if they have children under three years of age . Several years after the law went into effect , have Japanese parents come to lead a happier life with their children ? According to a survey conducted by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government , only 1.8 percent of men working at companies in Tokyo took childcare leave within one year of their wives giving birth in fiscal 2011 , despite the fact that 52.5 percent of men wanted to do so . The survey found that 94.2 percent of female workers who had a baby had taken childcare leave in the same period , making a stark contrast with men in the workplace . Sweden is famous as a pioneer in improving the welfare of its people . Though people in Sweden are legally obliged to pay high taxes , which seem oppressive , they can receive the most advanced welfare from the government . Childcare leave in Sweden is typical of its welfare system . Parents in Sweden are able to take childcare leave for 480 days and receive 80 percent of their salary for 390 days of the whole period . At least sixty days out of 480 days are allotted to one parent , and another sixty days to the other . In most cases , a man takes a few months off , and the woman takes more time off . The government strongly encourages both of them to take the same amount of time off , too . If both parents equally take time off from work , they are allowed to receive tax refunds at the end of the year . When a child is between the age of one and five , a lot of preschools are available for free . Besides , by law , parents can reduce their working hours by 25 percent until the child reaches eight . The childcare leave can also be divided into several period until then . Childcare leave in Sweden seems far better than that in Japan , but young parents will have challenges balancing work with childcare . Sweden has been trying to improve its family unit , not only to support its young parents . The central idea behind the family unit is this : Give women more equality in the workplace ; give men more equality in the home . This policy seems to be working well . Men have been taking more and more " maternal leave . " Men today know much more about taking care of children than men did twenty years ago . Equally important , women 's salaries are rising in the workplace , because mothers are able to continue working without difficulty thanks to their husbands' childcare leave . And because so many women work , both men and women generally work shorter hours . Society is a mirror of the family . The only way to have equality in society is to have equality at home ,  explains Lars Lundgren , a government worker . We have to make sure that women earn as much as men . We also have to make sure that men are active in raising children . In a sense , we are trying to get rid of the distinction between a husband and a wife . We want them both to be ' parents . ' As a result of this policy , women 's salaries are very close to men 's . Children are growing up closer to both parents . Gordon , a drafter of the Constitution of Japan , died at the end of 2012 . According to her daughter Nicole , until her last moment , one of Gordon 's greatest concerns was sexual equality in Japan . The ideals that arose in the Constitution of Japan about seventy years ago should never be lost . In accordance with those ideals , we should realize a society that can compare with the society that Sweden has been successful in realizing . Located in Southwest England , the Cotswold District is loved by the English as " the heart of England . " In a small village in this district stands a local traditional tearoom called Juri 's - The Olde Bakery Tea Shoppe . This tea shop , which won the U.K. 's " Top Place " award in 2008 , is run by a Japanese family , Juri Miyawaki and her parents . Muri 's has not been smooth sailing from the beginning . When Juri first started the tearoom , she served beautiful French pastries that were delicately made . Because she was a graduate of a famous French culinary school , her world of pastries was formed around French pastries . She even thought that serving French pastries was a safe choice that everyone would love . But in reality , many were always left over on the counter of her shop . One day , an English woman asked Juri ,  " Do n't you have a jam tart ? " With all the beautiful French pastries on display , Juri wondered why people still demanded such a simple pastry . She made some as an experiment and put them on the counter . They were gone immediately . In order to become a locally based " tearoom , " having these English pastries that go well with tea was a must . She realized the need to do away with her prejudice toward English pastries and to understand them . People expect certain things in an English tearoom - it is a very traditional place . Compared to French pastries , English pastries look simple . This is because English pastries can be made at home . There are few culinary schools that teach people how to make English pastries because the recipes are handed down from the mothers to the children . In that sense , we could say very every English person knows how the pastries should taste . What kind of English pastry would attract English people ? How can a Japanese who does not have an English mother bake pastries ? Juri 's days of trial and error began . Through her hard work , Juri , a Japanese woman without an English mother , was trying to find the meaning of baking English pastries in " the heart of England . " By thinking seriously about traditional English pastries , she started to understand their attraction . Not only can you enjoy them at a tearoom over a conversation , but you can also bake them at home to socialize with people close to you . Watching grandparents , parents , and children enjoying these pastries at the same table with English tea in her tearoom , Juri felt she had seen a part of the tradition of the country . She studied numerous English cookbooks including some old-fashioned ones . They not only guided her through the rich history of English food but also inspired her to further refinement of her English pastries . Juri 's world of pastries started to expand . With her effort and imagination , Juri was baking English pastries that amazed even the English . An elderly woman once talked to Juri after finishing her scone ,  " Your scone is not the kind I grew up with , but it was very tasty . " Juri often recalls this scene , as it was the first time her scone had been praised by an English person . Juri has learned through her experiences that in order to understand others , she has to step out and reach out to them . Today , many customers , from small children to people in their 90s , from within and outside England , visit Juri 's tearoom . What is time ? The answer to this question varies from society to society . Time can be flexible in some cultures but very strict in others . Indeed , the way members of a culture perceive and use time reflects their society 's priorities and even their own world view . The Japanese have been raised in a time-conscious society . One social psychologist says that Japan is of the fastest-paced countries based on three things : walking speed on urban sidewalks , the speed at which postal clerks meet a request , and the accuracy of public clocks . When Japanese people meet with others for business or in private , arriving five minutes beforehand is considered the norm . If a train arrives even one minute later than scheduled , Japanese railway companies announce their apologies . This time perception of the Japanese sometimes surprises people from other countries . When did Japanese people become so conscious of time ? It seems there are various theories , but none precisely pins down the real reason . According to one theory , Japanese people were traditionally generous about time . At the start of the Meiji era , a half-hour delay on the trains was very common , and many factory workers were often late for work . As a result , at the start of the Showa era , the Scientific Management System was introduced . Under the system , each job was broken into individual motions and it was determined which of them were essential . With unnecessary motions eliminated , the workers were asked to follow a machinelike routine , timed with a stopwatch . This system of managing workers , first created in the U.S. to raise productivity , is said to decrease tardiness and delays in both public institutions and private firms . Other theories suggest that salesclerks were strictly controlled by the rules of employment in the eighteenth century . Whenever they left their workplace , they were supposed to report when they would return , no matter whether it was for private or not , and this strictness still influences the Japanese sense of time . It is also said that during the Edo period , the samurai class considered tardiness and absence to be a sign of foolishness , and those beliefs have remained strong in the national consciousness . In modern day , most cultures around the world are united with the same general rhythm of time , but that does n't mean that we all march to the same beat . In Switzerland , if you 're invited to dinner at 8 : 00 , you should ring the bell at five minutes to 8 : 00 . If you show up ninety seconds late for an appointment in Berlin , you have insulted the other party . In some countries , however , the idea that a person is ruled by the clock is ridiculous . That insulting behavior in Berlin probably wo n't be noticed in Brazil . In Riyadh , the capital of Saudi Arabia , you may wait for hours for an appointment . In Mexico , guests invited to a 6 p.m. social dinner may think nothing of showing up two or three hours later . In fact , it 's wise to arrive at least an hour late for dinner in Mexico City , to avoid embarrassing an unprepared host . For Greeks , time can be easily changed . If you ask when you should return a rental car , most clerks would respond like this :  " Whenever you like . " It is impossible to say which way of looking at time is correct . We generally prefer the familiar attitude of our native culture . There are many theories as to why time does n't fly at the same speed around the globe . Climate , economics , and culture may play a role . One analyst says that as you get closer to the equator , the pace of life seems to slow down . Some economists find truth in the saying " Money is time ; time is money . " Russia , where the popularity of punctuality grows as private enterprise expands , gives credence to this theory . In the past , you were working for the state ,  a Russian regional manager said . Now a lot of people are working for themselves , and the standards are stricter . In another study , an anthropologist Edward T.Hall used the words " monochronic " and " polychronic " to describe how different societies view time . People in monochronic cultures , such as America and northern Europe , are task-oriented , Hall wrote . They do things in order , one at a time , starting with the most important and ending with the least . In this culture , tardiness may be viewed as an insult . Being late is like telling your host :  " I had more important things to do than to attend your party . " Polychronic cultures , found in Mediterranean and many Latin American nations , are " oriented toward people , human relationships , and the family , which is the core of their existence . " In this world , following a schedule is far less important than catching up with friends and family . It is fine if a person is on time . But it 's also fine if a person is late . After all , life is complex , and many things happen . If you meet a friend on the way to an appointment , surely it is more important to talk with your friend than to rush to some arbitrary deadline ! Of course , in every society , some people are punctual , and some are not . Culture just tips the balance . Time can affect almost everything : catching trains and buses , shopping , meeting deadlines , and making appointments . Different perceptions of time , therefore , can lead to misunderstandings between people , or even disrupt relations between countries . You do not have to assimilate to a different approach , but knowing the background of each cultures and accepting each other 's point of view can help prevent much of the frustration and help make better friendships with people from other cultures . In the world of nature , there are many strategies that creature use to protect themselves from predators and help their species survive . Some animals , for example , are good at hiding . Others disguise themselves as objects or creatures that have no appeal for their predators . Some just taste bad , or they give off powerful smells that keep predators at bay . Some grow thick shells or spines to protect themselves . Turtles and porcupines would be two good examples . There are the usual ways in which creatures try to protect themselves as part of nature 's relentless food chain . However , scientists think that they have identified one species that has found a different way to protect itself : the periodical cicada . The periodical cicada , called Magicicada , has developed a highly unique reproductive cycle . This insect springs forth from the ground every thirteen or seventeen years in the eastern parts of the United States . When they come out from their eggs , they head under the ground , where they spend 99 percent of their lives sucking on the roots of trees . The , they come out in huge numbers thirteen or seventeen years later during the late spring or early summer . As many as 40000 cicadas may emerge from beneath a tree in a single day . They then spend just a few weeks on this earth singing , meeting , mating , and laying eggs . The periodical cicadas are jut a few inches long . They are slow and harmless . In other words , they are easy prey for birds , wasps , and other hungry enemies in the natural world . However , even birds and other creatures that might eat them are in no way prepared for the sudden appearance of millions of cicadas , which occurs exactly every thirteen or seventeen years . This is called " predator satiation . " By emerging in great numbers at the same time in the same area , even though some of them are eaten by predators , most of them can survive to launch the next cycle . If the cicadas came out every ten years , birds and other predators in the area might build up and be ready for them , but they would not be able to wait for more than that . They do not live long enough . Some scientists believe that the numbers thirteen and seventeen play an important role in the cicadas' survival . Thirteen and seventeen are prime numbers . A prime number is a whole number greater than one that cannot be divided by any whole number except itself and the number one . Can you estimate how many years there are between one concurrent emergence of both groups of cicadas and the next ? They can only meet once every 2221 years , 221 being the least common multiple of thirteen and seventeen . They never cross paths during that long period time . Some scientists think here lies the key to their unique survival strategy . But why thirteen and seventeen , not other prime numbers ? More research is needed to answer the question . Ever since humans first appeared on this planet , we have been working hard to understand nature while being a part of it . Math has helped us in our search for answers to nature 's many mysteries . It is a code that helps to solve the scientific riddles and understand the natural complexities that we face . Prime numbers serve as the building blocks of mathematics , which in turn provides the basis for science . The periodical cicada may be tapping into this important code for their strength and survival . When Andrew Stanton , a movie director , set out to make an animated children 's movie that takes place in the ocean and is faithful to " the real rules of nature , " he was fascinated by a photo of two fish looking out of an anemone . It was so fascinating ,  Stanton says ,  " I had no idea what kind of fish they were , but I could n't take my eyes off them . " The image of fish in their natural hiding place perfectly captured the oceanic mystery he wanted to express . And as an entertainer , they were called clownfish - it was perfect . A star was born . Stanton 's movie won the 2003 Academy Award for the best animated movie . The hero of the movie was a clownfish , who introduced millions of children around the world to a wonderful tropical ecosystem : the coral reef and its inhabitants . Clownfish get their name from the bright colors on their body - from rich purplish browns to bright oranges and reds and yellows - , often divided by sharp lines of white or black , quite like the face paint on a circus slown . Twenty-nine species of clownfish live among the reefs from East Africa to French Polynesia and from Japan to eastern Australia , with the greatest concentration of diversity on the north coast of New Guinea in the Bismarck Sea , where with a little luck and a skilled guide you can see seven species on one reef . On a recent trip to Fiji , Gerald Allen , the world 's clownfish authority , discovered the twenty-ninth species . That brought his lifetime total to seven species of clownfish - and nearly 500 species of reef fish - . I still get excited when I find something new ,  Allen says . Clownfish are also known as anemone fish because they can 't survive without a host anemone , whose stinging tentacles protect them and their developing eggs from intruders . Of the roughly one thousand species of anemones , only ten allow clownfish to live together with them . It 's still a mystery exactly how a clownfish avoids being stung by the anemone , but a layer of mucus - possibly developed by the clownfish after it first touches an anemone 's tentacles - may supply protection . It 's a slime that prevents the anemone from using its tentacles ,  Allen says . When a new little clownfish comes into an anemone , it touches the anemone tentatively and makes contact to get this chemical process going . Protected in this way , the clownfish , in effect , becomes an extension of the anemone - another layer of defense against fish that eat anemones . What 's good for the clownfish is good for the anemone , and vice versa . Clownfish spend their entire lives their host anemone , rarely wandering more than a few yards from it . They lay their eggs about twice a month on the nearest hard surface concealed by the fleshy base of the anemone , and they aggressively protect the eggs . Just after a clownfish hatches , it wanders near the surface for a week or two as a tiny transparent larva . Then it metamorphoses into a baby clownfish less than half an inch long that goes down to the reef . If the young fish does n't find an anemone and adjust t its new life within a day or two , it will die . A dozen or more clownfish of the same species , from adolescents to mature adults up to six inches long , can occupy a single anemone . Moving around their anemone they catch small food items , often hiding within their host to eat larger ones . In the wild , where other fish threaten , clownfish rarely live past seven to ten years . Not all clownfish become sexually mature adults . A strict hierarchy exists among the inhabitants of each anemone , which enables only one dominant pair to live in the anemone at any time . The female is the largest in this " family , " followed by the male and the adolescents . A dominant pair enjoys their continued dominance by chasing the adolescents , causing stress and reduced energy for them to find food . Especially during courtship behavior , there 's a lot of chasing even between the dominant pair ,  Allen says . The female occasionally reminds the male who is boss by nipping at his fin . Many reef fish have the ability to change from one sex to another . Most of them change from female to male . But the clownfish is one of the few known to change from male to female : If a dominant female dies , the dominant male will become the dominant female , and the largest remaining adolescent will accept the role of the dominant male . No one has yet identified the hormones responsible for this sexual flexibility . It 's a really god strategy to make sure the species is perpetuated ,  Allen says . There will always be breeding pair at any given anemone . The clownfish and the anemone - their relationship fascinates people who keep fish in a tank at home . However , excessive hunting of clownfish has led to a decline in population . Developing collection methods harmful to the ecosystem and harvesting too many fish destroyed reefs and their inhabitants . In the Philippines and Indonesia , for instance , clownfish rapidly decreased in number . A loss of clownfish leaves anemones exposed to fish that eat them . When reefs go bad , one of the first things to disappear is anemones - and their clownfish . They 're a really good indicator group ,  Allen says . On the other hand , through Stanton 's animated movie and other information the number of " new " nature lovers has been increasing . They have become aware of the beautiful friendship between clownfish and their reef homes and have been trying to preserve them . In some areas there 's incredible hope . Despite the reef degradation , even now many reefs are almost in perfect condition and very healthy . His focus now , as an expert for Conservation International , is " to identify these areas and help with their preservation before it 's too late . " It may be up to us whether we can preserve the friendship between the anemone and the clownfish . Many diseases involve the death of cells that the body cannot naturally replace . Sometimes cell death comes suddenly , as in a heart attack . Other times it is slow of stem cells - the body 's equivalent of renewable energy - is that they can replace cells lost to disease . The human body is created by one embryo splitting into cells and those cells multiplying repeatedly . After eighteen years or so , humans have over 200 kinds of specialized cells reaching sixty trillion in total . However , eventually the cells lose their ability to split successfully . Once each cell becomes a specialized cell such as a nerve cell or a bone cell , it cannot become another kind . A possible solution came from a team of Japanese researchers who asked a simple question : Is it possible to turn a specialized cell back into an embryonic stem cell , or at least into a cell with the same remarkable properties as an embryonic stem cell ? It 's the genes within every cell that determine how that cell acts and looks . While all of our specialized cells and our embryonic stem cells share exactly the same set of genes , very different genes are " turned on " in each type of cell . In other words , an embryonic stem cell turns into a specialized cell because certain genes are turned on , and others turned off . In 2006 , researchers led by Dr. Shinya Yamanaka used a powerful and relatively new technology that can determine , in a particular type of cell , which genes of that cell are turned on and off . Using this technology to study embryonic stem cells and specialized cells , Dr. Yamanaka 's team identified a handful of genes in mice that are uniquely turned on in embryonic stem cells but not in specialized cells . Then in 2007 , Dr. Yamanaka 's group and American teams shoed that turning on four of these genes - called Yamanaka Factors - in human skin cells causes those cells to revert to cells like embryonic stem cells . The new cells created through this initialization process were labeled as induced pluripotent stem - iPS - cells . Just like embryonic stem cells , the iPS cells can be transformed into any type of specialized cell - excluding placenta cells - , and reproduce copies of themselves indefinitely . Dr. Yamanaka won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for this research . This new technology has the potential for various medical applications such as in regenerative medicine . It is now theoretically possible to create stem cells , genetically identical and with all the potential of their own long-lost embryonic stem cells . Moreover , the adult cells to be transformed into iPS cells could be obtained easily from a skin biopsy , or even from plucked hair . If iPS cells can be transformed into desired specialized cells , people who have lost tissue or suffered damage to the spinal cord will have a new kind of treatment available to them . The ultimate goal is to regenerate whole organs . Exciting as it is , this breakthrough does not mean that human iPS cell therapy is just around the corner . There are several issues that lie ahead in actual applications to hman treatment . Malignant transformation of the regenerated cells is one of them . Moreover , in terms of applying regenerative medicine to human reproduction , there are various ethical and social issues involved . We must also think seriously about how we are going to live if we are able to extend our lives . In 2003 , as Japan was entering the age of digital broadcasting , six broadcasting companies in Tokyo asked for a 600-meter class broadcasting tower to relay digital terrestrial television signals without interference from high-rise buildings . Tokyo Skytree , the world 's tallest free-standing broadcasting tower at 634 meters , nearly double that of Tokyo Tower opened to the public on May 22 , 2012 . In just seventy-two days , one million visitors had come to see this structure , and the number of visitors during the first six months totaled over three million . The views from the two observation decks , at 350 meters and 450 meters above the ground , take every visitor 's breath away . The tower is 634 meters high partly because 634 may be pronounced " mu-sa-shi , " which was the name used to refer to the area that included the wide stretch of land that can be viewed from Tokyo Skytree , namely , Tokyo , and a part of Saitama and Kanagawa . This enormous tower is made up of five parts . The first is the tower itself , which is made of steel frames . Second are the two observation decks at two different levels . Third is the 140-meter-tall steel tower called the Gain Tower , located at the very top . The fourth part of Tokyo Skytree is the core column made of reinforced concrete . Finally , the last part is the shaft that surrounds the core column ; the elevator and the wiring and plumbing are located there as well . Tokyo Skytree was completed after about three years and eight months of construction . Various kinds of cutting-edge technology had to be used in order to meet the challenges of its construction . The first challenge was building the Gain Tower at 500 meters above the ground . Because this was going to be construction at unprecedented heights , the " life-up method " was implemented . The Gain Tower was built inside the tower shaft and later pulled up through the shaft all the way to the top . This way , construction was not influenced by strong winds or rain , and the construction time was condensed considerably . Another challenge in the construction was building a giant tower with a strong enough base on a relatively small area . Towers such as the Eiffel Tower and Tokyo Tower have a square base to sustain their height , but the base of Tokyo Skytree was determined by the shape of the site and constraints posed by the subway that runs under the construction area . Thus , an equilateral triangle base was constructed in order to make each side as long as possible to sustain its height . Nevertheless , considering that Tokyo Tower has a square footprint with ninety-five-meter sides for sustaining its 333-meter height , you can easily imagine how difficult it was to build a 634-meter structure on a triangular footprint with sixty-eight-meter sides . The solution was to use a continuous subterranean wall pile foundation with knuckle walls . The continuous subterranean wall pile foundation was made by digging a triangle wall-like hole in the ground under the tower , putting steel cages in it , and pouring concrete into the hole . At the deepest part of the triangle wall piles , they made the knuckle walls , which grabbed the underground layer firmly . While the concrete piles of Tokyo Tower were buried twenty meters under the ground , the triangular consecutive walls were buried fifty meters under Tokyo Skytree . As a result , Tokyo Skytree has come to have a considerably firm base . One of the most attractive Japanese features utilized in Tokyo Skytree , however , is teh core column called Shin-bashira . The five-story pagoda of Horyu-ji Temple , built in the seventh century and known to be the world 's oldest existing wooden building , and other five-story pagodas gave the architects involved inspiration in the anti-earthquake design of Tokyo Skytree . Shin-bashira is a cylinder made of reinforced concrete and eigh meters in diameter , and stands separately from the exterior steel frames . This makes shin-bashira and the exterior move independently during an earthquake , leading to a reduction in bivration . The use of shin-bashira is a completely new system of mitigating seismic motion . Moreover , shin-bashira is connected t the steel framing via oil dampers at between 125 and 375 meters adobe the ground . These devices control the swaying of shin-bashira and can reduce the vibration by up to 50 percent . In addition , shi-bashira includes an emergency staircase . Is it the technology and height that attract so many tourists ? Of course , that 's only part of the attraction . It is also how Japanese tradition is blended in that makes people fascinated . Sori and mukari are two key features in Tokyo Skytree 's design . Sori is how the steel frames from the triangular base arch inward like a Japanese sword as it extends upward . Mukar , on the other hand , is how the steel frames make arcs . This form of design can be seen in roofs of temples built during the Nara and Heian periods . Moreover , the two exterior lightings , which are lit on alternating days , are called iki and miyabi . Iki represents the light blue image of the Sumida River , and miyabi symbolizes the grace of Edo by using the color purple . There were already 500-meter class towers in Russia and Canada , but building the highest tower required each member involved in the project to have the utmost pride . Without it , the tower would not have been completed . Tokyo Skytree  was teh name chosen from over 18000 suggestions collected from the general public , and it signifies the wish that an environmentally friendly , international city with inspiration for a new culture be created under this tree . The architects , engineers , and builders all put their heart and soul into the construction of Tokyo Skytree , and their legacy will live on as the tower serves a crucial role in the development of the city . " My name is Alice , " she said . " Does a name mean something ? " she asked . " I see , " Alice said . " The wall is very high . Please be careful , " she said . " Do you know this song ? " she asked . " Stop ! " cried Humpty Dumpty . He said , " The hula is our traditional dance . Some dances tell stories from our history . " His mother wondered , " What happened ? " It means , " Excuse me . " " One for all , all for one " " One for all , all for one . " She remembered the custom , If you make a thousand cranes , you will get well . " She remembered the custom , " If you make a thousand cranes , you will get well . " In the hospital , Sadako remembered the custom , " If you make a thousand cranes , you will get well . " He asked an engineer , " Please make a tail for Winter . " Sawyer planned and organized a festival , " Save Winter Day " . " No , " she said . His famous speech , " I Have a Dream , " moved me . In it , he said , " I compared rice from your fields with other rice . Yours has a special taste . I want rice just from your fields to use in my restaurant . " He thought , " If I build a windmill , I can use the wind to make electricity . " In an interview , William talked about his windmill and said , " I try , and I made it . " " Game , set and match . " I made a note in my elementary school yearbook: " I want to be the number one tennis player , first in Japan , and then in the world . " At that time my mother reminded me of a note I wrote in elementary school , " Luck can come only when you go through harship . " Later that year I was named " Newcomer of the Year " by the Association of Tennis Professionals . My friend said , " The fire is for our ancestors' spirits . " The White Rabbit looked at his watch and said , " I am late . I am late . " The egg said , " I am Humpty Dumpty . What is your name , little girl ? " One day their mother said , " When you go outside , never go into Mr McGregor's garden . When your father went there , Mr McGregor caught him and put him in a pie . " For example , one rule is , " Don't bother turtles on the beach . " It means , " I am sorry . " When I lived in the United States , many people said , " I have never heard a Japanese joke . Could you tell me one ? " " It will be difficult for her to live for more than one year , " a doctor said to Sadako's parents . The people at the hospital said , " She needs a name . Let's call her Winter . " The driver said , " Give up your seat , or I will call the police . " He said , " We cannot stand it any more . Let's make a movement . Let's fight for anyone's right to take any seat on any bus . We shall never give up . " Hello . I am Tanaka Kumi . Pardon ? Kumi . K-U-M-I . I am Paul . Paul Green . Nice to meet you , Paul . Nice to meet you too , Kumi . Hi . You are Ken . Right ? Right . Are you from Australia ? Yes , I am . Are your from Sydney ? Are you ? No . Really ? Here your are . Thank you . Oh . No problem . Are you OK ? Seeyou . Bye . This is a fox . It is from Hokkaido . Is that a hawk ? No , it is not . It is an owl . Is it from Hokkaido too ? Yes , it is . What is this ? Yes . What is that ? A calendar ? That is Kumi . She is good at kendo . Is she your friend ? Yes , she is . That is Mr Sato . Is he a PE teacher ? He is a math teacher . Good morning , Paul . Good morning , Mom . What time is it now ? Oh , no . I have a ball in my bag . This is the ball . It is for soccer . I like soccer very much . I play it at school every day . Do you like music ? Yes , I do . Ilike rock . Do you play the guitar ? I sing . What do you have in your hand ? I have a book about bento . I like Japanese food very much . What food do you like ? I like dashimaki . I sometimes cook it for my family . Excuse me . Where is the restroom ? Under the stairs ? Me too . What do you have ? I have four rice balls and some grapes . I have two sandwiches and an orange . Now we are ready for lunch . Do you see any birds ? How many birds do you see ? I see six birds . They ar cute . Anything else ? I see some plastic bags . Look at this flower . Stop . What ? Bekind to nature . I see . Do you have any bags for girls ? Yes , we do . How about this one ? How much is it ? Hello , Mr Oka . How are you today ? Fine , thank you . Who is that boy ? His name is Raj Shukla . Where is he from ? He is from India . Do you know the woman behind him ? Yes , I know her . Is that a flute ? Nice . When do you practice ? We always practice on Tuesdays and Thursdays . Where do you practice ? Usually in the music room . Come and join us . Whose bag is this ? Here you are . Thanks . Which bag is yours ? The yellow one ? Mine is next to it . These are my parents . They are from Scotland . They live in London now . My father drives a taxi . He knows every street there . My mother teaches art . Those are her pictures . This is my brother , Peter . A cricket bat . Does he play cricket ? Yes , he does . Does he play baseball too ? This is my sister , Jean . Does she play cricket too ? She is a musician . Look . What does she have in her hands ? She has bagpipes . She often plays at festivals . Time for lunch . OK . Which do you w3ant , a hot dog or a hamburger ? A hot dog . How about you ? I want both ! Thank you very much for your letter . How are you ? I am well . Now I am in Kyoto with my friends . The shrines and temples are gray . The autumn leaves are red and yellow . It is a beautiful contrast . I like Kyoto very much . Please write to me soon . PS Please say hi to your parents . Hi , Thank you for the origami birds . Please say thanks to Koji for me . He draws pictures very well . This is my brother , Bob . He really likes sports . He can play basketball well . He can pass the ball very quickly . This is my first time in a wheelchair . These chairs have special wheels . Can you move easily in the chair ? You can do it . We can play and enjoy sports . Do you know these sports ? Players use special wheelchairs in this sport . They can carry the ball on their laps . They cannot hold it too long . They can push their own chairs one or two times with the ball . Players can carry the ball on their heads . Players can push their own chairs many times with the ball . Goalball is a team sport . Players wear special masks . They cannot see the ball , but they can hear the bells in it . One team throws the ball at a goal . The other team hears the ball and stops it . Players wear special caps . Player cannot see the ball . They can hear the bells in it . Can you play basketball ? Yes , I can . What is your position ? Can you cook ? I can cook curry . Cool ! I like curry . What movie do you like ? I like Harry Potter . How about Toy Story ? This is Emma . Can I speak to Raj , please ? Speaking . Sure . Question 1 or 2 ? Question 2 , please . The students are studying language arts . This girl is reading . This boy is practicing a speech . These students are making a poster in a group . This is Mike . Is he studying English ? What is he studying ? Many people speak it in the USA . Here are some pictures of my friends and me . I am in the first picture . I am working as a volunteer at a hospital . I am talking with the woman . She often tells interesting stories . Many students work as volunteers after school or on weekends . Look at the next picture . Meg is reading a book with a child . Look at the last picture . Kevin is playing football . He plays on the football team in the fall . The team is very strong . In the spring he is on the track and field team . He runs sprints . I look forward to your e-mail . Send some pictures of your classmates at Midri Junior High School . How can we go to Midori Park ? We can go by bus or bike . How far is the park ? Only about two kilometers . I visited many places last year . I talked with many people . I posted many pictures on my blog . They show my life in Japan . These are my favorites . Did you have fun last weekend ? Yes , I did . Iwent to Akita . Isaw a lot of kamakura . Did you make a kamakura ? Some volunteers made them . I ate rice cakes in one . I just got back from my first day at school . I saw cherry blossoms in the schoolyard . I met my classmates and teachers . I wrote my name in Japanese . My school life in Japan started today . I visited a friend of mine in Kyoto . I saw okuribi on the mountain . I learned about obon . Our school had its sports day today . Many people came . We ran races . We jumped rope . We played tug-of-war . My team did not win , but win or lose , we all had a good time . I hoped for good luck , and I drew an omikuji . I got daikichi ! Japanese culture is interesting . Our school has two field trips every year . We visited Kamakura in November . We saw a big Buddha . We studied the history of the city at the museum . We enjoyed Kamakura very much . What a lot of CDs ! Ann . I like her very much . Why do you like her ? Because her voice is beautiful . I think so too . Can I vorrow a CD ? Alice saw a rabbit . He ran into a hole in the ground and disappeared . She followed him . Alice fell down the hole . Down , down , down , she fell . She went to Wonderland . Alice saw a big egg on a high wall . Alice ? What does it mean ? Of course it does . My name means my shape . I lilke your belt . It is very nice . My belt ? My belt ! It is not a belt . It is a tie . Alice looked around . Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall . Humpty Dumpty had a great fall . What did you do during the spring vacation ? I went to Hawaii . My uncle invited my family . Did you swim ? Iwent shopping too . What did you buy ? I bought this aloha shirt ! Aloha ! Today I went to a museum . I saw the hula there . A dancer talked about the hula . Later I joined a hula lesson . The actions in the dance have meanings . I really enjoyed the lesson . Well , we had a birthday party for Emma . I gave a CD to her . Did you have a good time ? Can I help you ? Well , how can I get to Ikuta Shrine ? Take the Port Liner . Get off at Sannomiya Station . Sannomiya Station . Take care . Have a nice trip . One day , a boy was sick . He was very lonely . Ms Potter wrote a letter to him . It became the story of Peter Rabbit . Like this , some stories were once letters . I saw you in the library yesterday . Iwas reading Peter Rabbit . Wonderful . I read it many times when I was young . I read a book in English for the first time . Good for you . Once upon a time , four little rabbits lived with their mother . Their names were Flopsy , Mopsy , Cotton-tail and Peter . Flopsy , Mopsy and Cotton-tail were good rabbits . Peter was not . He went straight to the garden ! He ate some radishes . When Peter was looking for parsley , he saw Mr McGregor . Peter turned and ran away . Mr McGregor ran after him . Stop ! He ran and ran . At last Peter arrived at his home . He was very tired . She just put him to bed , and made chamomile tea . Are you free on Saturday ? Why not ? I love baseball . Good idea . And bring your lunch . Join the games . Listen to the talks . You will learn about nature and the earth . It will be fun . Why ? I have a kendo test . Are you going to stay until the final talk ? How about the talk on the Ogasawara Islands ? What is it about ? I agree . The Ogasawara Islands became a World Heritage Site in 2011 . Many people visit our islands every year . They swim with dolphins and sea turtles . They enjoy the moon and stars . We , the piople of the Ogasawara Islands , love our islands . We believe that they are very special . We made some rules . Turtles come to the beach and lay eggs . It is a beautiful event . People sometimes take pictures . The turtles are afraid of the flash . They hurry across the beach and go int the sea . If this continues , the turtles will not come back . We live in balance with nature . We hope that our visitors will understand this . Then turtles will be here with us and our children . What can you do ? Trash is a big problem . I am going to make less trash . For example , when I go shopping , I will use my own bag . I will not use shopping bags . I hope this action will help the earth . What will we do when an earthquake happens ? First we will get under the desks . We must protect ourseleves . Yes , and we must not painc . My aunt knows Japan is famous for sushi . Can you suggest any places ? Well , there are several sushi restaurants in this town . Is there one with an English menu ? Yes , there is . Thank you ! The sushi was delicious ! You know , you can make sushi at home . My aunt likes cooking . Is it difficult ? Not really . You can find recipes and other information on the Internet . Japan is famous for its sushi . There are many kinds of sushi , for example , nigirizushi , makizushi and chirashizushi . For some kinds , you need special materials . You can easily make some sushi at home . I like making kazarimaki-zushi , one kind of makizushi . It is from Chiba . There are beautiful images of flowers and animals in this sushi . The colors come from vegetables and other foods . Try making these rolls for dinner parties . You will enjoy making them . Your friends will like lokking at them . Make five rolls of dembu rice and one roll of scrambled eggs . Spread rice on a big piece of nori . On the rice , place the rolls of dembu rice side by side . Put the roll of scrambled eggs on top of them . Roll all six together . Cut it . Is there a good restaurant in our town ? There is a good curry shop near the station . Oh , a curry shop ? I love curry ! What do you do in your free time ? I like watching J-League soccer on TV . Ah , J-League . Do you have any plans for your vacation ? Oh , are you ? What are you going to do there ? We have to read about an important person from the 20th century . How about he handouts ? Oh , no ! Yes , Master . Yes , Mater . Poison ? Poison ! Be very , very careful . An , Chin: We will , Master . We will . We always are . Good . The Master will return soon . Shell we clean the room ? What do you think about the pot ? What do you mean ? Is it really full of poison ? Give it to me . Wait ! Have some . It is delicious . But the pot is empty . We ate all of it . Wait a minute . I have an idea ! One , two . You must be kidding ! Three ! Too late . Oh dear , you broke it . I have a plan . Master , we broke your plate . You bad boys ! We punished ourselves . We broke our promise , and . We ate the poison in the pot . I can feel the poison now . Agghhhhhh ! Well . How did you spend your time in Australia ? I had fun . I visited Sydney with my aunt . Oh ? You are wearing a coat and gloves . Was it cold ? It was the middle of winter there . You look happy . Emma gave me this figt . What is it ? The native people of Australia used boomerangs for hunting . That sounds interesting . Uluru is a famous place in Australia . It looks like a mountain , but it is actually a very big rock . It changes its color during the day . Sometimes it looks red and sometimes it looks purple . Every year , 350 , 000 people visit the rock . To most of these people , Uluru is just an interesting place . To the native people , the Anangu , the rock is a sacred place . It is the place of their ancestors . They started living near the rock over 40 , 000 years ago . The rock gives the Anangu power even today . They deeply respect the rock and everything around it . The Anangu are glad that people visit Uluru . They teach visitors their history . They show piople their art . However , some piople climb the rock . Other people take pictures of its sacred places . These actions do not show respect for Anangu culture . The Anangu welcome visitors . Please respect their culture and enjoy your stay while you are in Anangu land . I like Australia very much . I will tell you two reasons . First , Uluru is beautiful . I feel relaxed when I look at it . Second , Australia has koalas . They look cute . I hope that I will visit Australia soon . Your curry is delicious . May I have more ? Just a moment . And help yourself to another cup of tea . The curry is enough for now . The day-at-work program is coming next month . I want to go to a nursing home . Nursing homes use robots these days . It sounds perfect for you . I visited a nursing home . I went there to learn about new ways of nursing . Robots helped the staff and patients . The robots had many tasks to do . Some lifted patients . Others talked with them . I learned a lot . Hello , everyone . What do you want to be in the future ? I want to be an engineer and make robots . I have two main reasons . First , I like robots . They are cool . When I was a child , I liked to watch movies about robots . I used to play with toy robots . Now I have a real robot . It walks and plays soccer . Second , robots can do many things . There are robots to rescue people and robots to make things . Now robots care for people too . When I visited a nursing home , I saw a woman in poor health . She held a seal robot . She was smiling and talking to it . She looked very happy . In conclusion , robots are not only cool but also useful . In the future , robots will play a big part in our lives . I want to make robots to help people in need . I have many things to lean . I will study hard to be a good engineer . Thank you for listening . I will owrk at your shop to participate in the day-at-work program . I have many things to learn about flowers . So I look forward to working at your shop . This is Kumi . Is Emma in ? Will you give her a message , please ? Of course . Wow . Cool . I may use this for my presentation . Presentations ! I almost forgot about them . How do you keep in touch with people ? I usually use e-mails . Can you explain ? E-mails are quick and easy . In my opinion , e-mails are the most convenient way . Either letters or e-mails ? To communicate , Letters are as good as e-mails . E-mails are certainly convenient , but letters are special . The paper , ink and writing show that you care for someone . I like letters better than e-mails . I asked my 38 classmates this question . The three common answers were by e-mail , letter and phone . As the chart shows , twenty of my classmates like e-mails the best . They think e-mails are easier and more convenient than other ways . They can send , read and respond when it is the best for them . They can do these things anytime . Twelve of my classmates like letters the best . What are their reasons ? They feel letters are more personal than e-mails . Letters are for the best and closest friends . Letters may take more time than other ways , but they are worth taking it . Why did four of my classmates choose phone calls ? In a phone call , you can hear the voice of the person at the other end of the line . In conclusion , most of my classmates prefer e-mails . Letters and phone calls are less popular , but they have good points . Each way to keep in touch is as good as the others . Look at this graph . It shows the four most popular sports in our class . Beseball is . Soccer and basketball are in second place . Tennis is the least popular of the four . Team sports are more popular than individual sports . Look at this photo . This is a sign in India . Four languages are used on it . In addition to those , at least 30 other languages are spoken in India . I speak three of them . The actors look nice . The film was directed by a famous Indian director . I hear India is famous for its films . More films are made in India than in Hollywood . Namaste . It is one way to sayhello or goodbye in India . India is located in South Asia . More than one billion people live in India . They speak many languages . I speak three of them: Marathi , Hindi and English . Marathi is my first language . It is used in western India . I usually speak it with my family at home . Many stories are written in Marathi . I enjoy reading them . I also speak Hindi . Do you know anyHindi words ? Of course you do . Hindi is the major language of India . I speak it at school . I speak English too . Long ago , English was not spoken in India . Then the British came . India was ruled by them from the 1600s to the mid-1900s . Many people needed to learn English . Later the Britich left , but their language remained . Now English is used across the country . In my case , I use it to talk with friends from other places . I learned a lot from each of my languages: Marathi , Hindi and English . Now I am learning Japanese . All of them are special to me . Arigato . It is used in two main ways . First , you can say it when you need help from someone . Second , you can say it when you made a mistake . Try to use this word during your stay in Japan . I like this shirt . We also have this style . How about this ? Perfect . The Royal Crescent is one of the most famous streets in the world . It makes a curve like a crescent . When you walk down the street , beautiful buildings came into view . You can enjoy putting together a lunch of fresh food , like meat pies , cheese , bread and cakes . You will have a delicious lunch . The Romans built baths at Bath over 2 , 00 years ago . Even today , a natural hot spring comes out of the earth . You can walk around an old Roman bath . My name is Aki Ra . I am from Cambodia . I was born around 1973 . When I was a child , I was forced to become a soldier . For ten years , I lived in the jungle with other children . We had to fight . We also buried landmines . Many piople died . Many people were hurt . This was my life . I had no choice . I thought that all children lived like this . I was twenty when the war ended . My live changed . I left the jungle . For the first time , I used a toilet . I was surprised at bright lights and big cities . I had chances to meet pieple from many countries . They had many different ways of life . I learned that I could make choices in my own life . I decided to do something for my people and remove landmines all over Cambodia . One day an oxcart hit a landmine . The animals and the two adults died , but the field was not silent . A baby cried . Landmines were all around her . The people in the village could not go into the field . They looked for me for three days . When I get to the village , the field was silent . How was the baby ? I removed the landmines in the space between the road and the oxcart . I passed through the field . At last I got to the baby . I picked her up . She cried . She lived ! I was deeply moved by these events . So I opened the Landmine Museum . It tells the world about the history of Cambodia and the dangers of landmines . Many landmines are still buried in Cambodia and other ountries . What is your class motto this year ? It was suggested by Ken . Great . It reminds us of the importance of team spirit . We must help each other . The motto is perfect for our class . These words were said by Pete Gray . Playing professional baseball was his dream . He lost his right arm in an accident when he was six . He never quit . He still practiced very hard . He was known for his fighting spirit . Finally his dream came true . He became a professional baseball player . I thought of leaving the club . I was encouraged by them . For me , these words are stronger than any others . I remember them when I am in trouble . Look at this . These are my favorite words . A month ago , we had a big soccer match . We were very nervous . So our coach talked to us . These words were said by him before the match . We were moved by his words . So I like these words very mach . Could you tell me how to get to the castle ? Well , go down this street and turn left at the bank . Turn left at the bank . Bonjour . I came to Japan three years ago . I have lived in Midori City since then . Images from manga have influenced my designs for many years . Have you been interested in Japan for a long time ? Yes , I have . I often bought manga when I was your age . Wow ! Some characters were cool , and others wore such cute clothes . How long have you been a dress designer ? Since 2008 . This picture was painted in 1876 . There are many Japanese images in it . For example , you can see a kimono and many Japanese fans . However , it was not painted by a Japanese artist . It was painted by the Franch artist , Claude Monet . In the middle of the 19th century , Japanese ukiyoe shocked French artists . Monet was among them . He was fascinated by ukiyoe prints and collected more than 200 of them . He studied ukiyoe and painted this picture . Japanese art has influenced French artists since this period . Today young French people experience Japanese art in new ways . Many French bookstores sell DRAGON BALL , NARUTO and so on . These manga are new and interesting to young French people . Their movements are shown in many ways . The stories are simple and clear . For these reasons , manga has become very popular in the last few decades . In these ways , French people have enjoyed Japanese art for hundreds of years . Maybe you know where to find examples of French culture in Japan . If you do , Please contact me at my blog . Do you have a minute ? I have two tickets for an English rakugo show . Lucky you . Welcom to my rakugo show . Have you ever seen rakugo ? If you have never seen one , here are some points to remember . One performer tells a story and plays all the characters in it . A sensu and a tenugui are used as many things . Thank you , David . Why did you begin to perform rakugo in English ? Is that true ? They thought Japanese never laughed . So I wanted to share Japanese humor with people all over the world . How long have you performed rakugo in English ? For about twenty years . These tours have been very exciting . Have you ever had problems on these tours ? For example , we make sounds when we eat noodles . In other cultures , this is bad manners . So sometines I have to explain Japnese habits like this . Then everyone can enjoy the show . To continue spreading laughter all over the world . This will make a more peaceful world . Thank you for your time . My pleasure . Where have you been in this town ? I saw a lot of ukiyoe there . How was it ? What did you do last weekend ? I went to Tokyo with my family last Sunday . We watched kabuki there . I have never seen kabuki . Tell me about it . What kind of music do you like ? I like J-Pop . I have been an Arashi fan since I was ten years old . Have you ? I like Arashi too . This building was destroyed in 1945 . We call it the Atomic Bomb Dome . The Dome reminds us of the tragedy of war . This makes us sad . The Dome also expresses the hope for peace . We should remember the importance of peace . Many people have felt that way . It must never happen again . So we must think about peace , now and in the future . We can learn from the experiences of the past . It began with a flash . On August 6 , 1945 , an atomic bomb was dropped over Hiroshima . Thebomb destroyed the city . At least 130 , 000 people died by the end of the year . Two-year-old Sasaki sadako survived . In elementary school , Sadako could run fast . She especially liked her PE class . She wanted to be a PE teacher when she grew up . It made her very happy . About a month after the sports day , Sadako suddenly became sick . The doctors thought that her sickness came from the bomb . In the hospital , Sadako received some paper cranes . She made many cranes . She made a wish on them for good health . Her life ended when she was only twelve . After Sadako died , it was difficult for her friends to accept her death . They built a statue of her . It now stands in Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park . Every year many people send paper cranes to Hiroshima from around the world . The cranes are for Sadako and for peace . Two-year-old Sasaki Sadako survived . When she was in elementary school , she became sick . She made many cranes but her life ended . They built a statue of Sadako . May I help you ? All right . Shall I wrap it for you ? Yes , please . Anyting else ? Would you put this card in the box ? Certainly . A dolphin was lying on the beach . It was hurt and dying . Sawyer was riding his bike along the beach . He was lonely . His mother was busy at work . He was not doing well at school . He had to take special summer classes . He suddenly stopped . He saw the dolphin . Sawyer called a doctor . While he was waiting , he talked and whistled to the dolphin . It weakly whistled back . An ambulance came and took it to an animal hospital . Sometimes Sawyer went to the hospital instead of school . One day the staff tried to give Winter medicine . Then Sawyer came . He touched her . He whistled to her . She calmed down and took her medicine . In turn , he found a passion , to save Winter . The doctor had to cut it off . She was in danger of dying . Sawyer spent a lot of time with her , even during his school time . At first his mother was angry with him for missing school . Then she saw Sawyer and Winter together . She finally understood and supported him . Sawyer worked hard to save Winter . The engineer made two . They were made of plastic . She broke them . The hospital neede money to save Winter . Many people came to it . Some of them were physically challenged like Winter . At the festival , Winter swam with her improved tail for the first time . She liked it . She swam close to Sawyer and cheerfully whistled to him . Winter was saved by his passion and actions . His new friends at the hospital cheered him . Sawyer was not lonely any more . This is a book that shows houses in Asia . This is a ger , a traditional house in Mongolia . Some people in Mongolia move their gers with the seasons . This way of life is interesting . This is a film which was made by George Lucas . I am a fan of tis films . I want to go to Hollywood and learn how to make films . I want to go to Kenya . This is a postcard that I get from Kenya . My uncle sent it to me . It shows some animals that you can see there . Have you seen them in the wild ? It must be wonder ful to see them . I want to visit Brazil . There are three things that I want to do there . First , I like soccer . No , I love it . It is a sport that many Brazilians also like . In the past few years , Brazil has hosted two major sports events - the football World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics and Paralympics in 2016 . So I want to go to Brazil . I want to play soccer with Brazilians . Second , I want to experience Carnival in Rio de Janeiro . It is a famous festival which takes place every year , usually in February . The highlight of Carnival is the Samba Parade . Over 200 teams take part in it . Each team makes beautiful costumes and floats . hey are based on special themes that each team chooses . The themes can come from history or nature . Some members dance to exciting samba music . I want to dance with them . Finally , I want to talk with Japanese-Brazilians . About 100 years ago , many Japanese people who wanted a better future left Japan . They went far away to Brazil to make new lives in a new land . They faced many difficulties . They worked very hard to overcome them . Now there are about 1 point 5 million Japanese-Brazilians . I want to meet some of them and talk with them about their challenges . Why do I want to visit Brazil ? Sports , Carnival and history . I want to visit Okinawa . These are pictures that my friend sent me from Okinawa . We can swim and see tropical fish in the warm and clear sea . It is a traditional dance that is performed with drums . There are many interesting things to do in Okinawa . This is a photo taken in 1962 . What about it ? Look at these men drinking water . It shows a dark side of US history . A dark side of US history ? I can tell you more . Here is a story I want to tell you . One day Rosa Parks , a black woman , was on a bus . Soon that section filled up . The police came and arrested her . In 1955 , there were many things black people in the United States could not do under the law . There were restrooms they could not use . There were drinking fountains they could not use . There were bus seats they could not use . These unfair laws upset many people . One of them was Martin Luther King , Jr . He heard about the arrest of Mrs Parks in Montgomery , Alabama . He led the people of the city fighting for justice . They fought in a peaceful way . They stopped riding city buses . Some walked to work and school . Others shared cars . Many people joined the movement , even some white people . Their fight lasted for morethan a year . Finally they changed the law . Black people were free to sit anywhere . For many yeas , they worked hard to change other laws too . In 1963 , over 200000 people gathered in Washington , DC to support justice for all . Dr King made a great speech from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial . Here are some of the words spoken by him . I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . I have a dream today . I have a dream that one day our little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers . In 1964 , Dr King won the Nobel Peace Prize . Four years later , he was shot and killed . He died , but the fight for justice continues . His dream lives on . The person I respect is Dr Martin Luther King , Jr . Dr King fought for the equality of black and white people . Sometimes people used violence against him . He never used violence back . I learned that dreams are important . I want to have a strong dream in my heart . Dr King was killed , but he is still a hero . Good morning , Mr Tanaka . Good morning , Emma . It smells great . Would you like some scrambled eggs ? And how about some juice ? What are the people in the pictures doing ? What have you learned in your English lessons ? I want them to understand my dream . I want to be a musician . But my parents want me to be a doctor . Can I find a way to do both ? I want to be a scientist and find a way to live in space . I believe I can do it ! I wonder why we have so much waste . I think we buy too many things . We should buy less to reduce waste and then recycle and reuse theings we buy . I am a doctor . My passion is helping people . Then I saw a program on TV about refugee children . It reminded me of my passion , so I joined a volunteer group . I went to places with serious health problems . I talked with patients there . I worked with staff from the area and other countries . Communication was often difficult . With good will and hard work , we managed by using English . English helps me to save lives . I have got back my passion . I am a rice farmer in Niigata . When I was in school , I thought I would never use English . In early June of last year , I got an e-mail from a man in Dubai . At first , I asked my daughter to help me with the e-mail . Now my English is better . I use it every week . I read and write e-mails . English is very important to me and to my family business . I am studying engineering in Japan . I use both English and Japanese , but for different purposes . In my daily life , I talk to other students and professors in Japanese . It is easy and convenient . In my professional life , I use English . To get the latest information on engineering , I read a lot of research reports by experts around the world . Almost all of these are written in English . In addition , I want people to know about my research . So I sometimes make presentations at international conferences . English is the language of these conferences even in Japan . In short , the language I use depends on the situation and purpose . I like having choices . Hi , Paul . Hi , Raj . Can I ask you something ? Do you know what movie is popular now ? Could you give me some advice ? Do you know what food she likes ? Do you have any good ideas ? This is Ken . May I speak to Paul , please ? Could you ask him to call me ? Like many young boys , William Kamkwamba liked to build model cars . He played with friends after school . He enjoyed listening to stories at night . The stories William liked the best were about lions and leopards . These are the animals of his homeland , Malawi , a small country in southeastern Africa . Some villages in Malawi are very poor . William lived in such a village . His village had no electricity . People had to use oil lamps . The oil was expensive . To save money , William and his family went to bed when it got dark . William started junior high school . He liked to study very much . He had to leave school . Every day William worked in the fields with his father , but he never gave up learning . He liked to go to the library to read books . William wanted a better life for himeself and his family . What could one boy do to change his world ? One day William saw a picture of a windmill in a book . He began to collect pieces of wood , an old bicycle , bottle caps and used wire . Building a windmill was new to him , but he believed that he could do it . Finally his windmill was ready . It was five meters tall and stood next to his house . He climbed to the top of the windmill and connected the last two wires . As the windmill turned , a small light began to shine . It worked ! His family had electricity at last . They could stay up at night to owrk , study and play . Many people came to see his windmill . They were very impressed with William . He was only a 14-year-old boy . He did not go to school . How did he build it ? His English was a little poor , but his message was clear . With these words , he became a hero to many people both in Africa and around the world . With their support , he was able to go back to school and study . Just like William , we can change our world . We can do it if we believe in ourselves and try . He was only 18 years old . My tennis life began in Matsue City , Shimane , with a racket that my father bought . I was five . My father was my teacher . Little by little , my skills improved and my interest in the sport grew . I practiced and practiced . I won many junior championship games . In this way , I found success at the sport I like very much . My advice to you all is to find something that you like: a sport , a subject or an activity . I am very shy and quiet , but once on the court , the shyness disappears . I play to win . I always have . Tennis was never just a game to me , even when I was a child . At that time , I cried when I lost a game . When I was 13 , I made up my mind to go to a tennis academy in Florida . I practiced over eight hours a day . I played against older , stronger , bigger and better players . I lost a lot of games . I hated to lose . The more games I lost , the more strongly I wanted to win the next game . My will to win pushed me to victory . I first went to the US with some Japanese friends . They left after about a year . I was homesick with no one to talk to . Though I could not speak much English , I never stopped trying to talk with the coaches . For example , I wanted to tell them the thinking behind my serve . I wanted to ask for their advice to improve it . I was never afraid of making mistakes in English . I learned from the mistakes I made . This positive attitude paid off . If you have something to say , keep trying . Then your message will get across . After I won a tournament for the first time , the pressure became intense . I fell into a slump , get injured , and was not at my best . Then I realized all these hardships were gifts . After that my attitude and outlook changed . When I got lucky breaks in games , I was ready to take advantage of them . Make your dreams come true ! I will tell you about this word , " Sumimasen . " I am Emma . No , I am not . I am from Canberra . I am tired . I am not tired . But I am hot . You are welcome . I am sorry . I am fine . I am glad . It is a coin . It is very old . It is an old calendar . It is interesting . No , he is not . I am late ! It is OK . It is Sunday . I do not play the guitar . It is under the stairs . That is right . I am hungry . It is cute . It is fifteen dallars . Here is twenty . And here is your change . He is your new classmate . Who is that man ? I do not know him . He is Mr Yoshida , our music teacher . She is Ms Brown . Yes , I am in the music club . It is mine . What is in his hand ? It is like a baseball bat . It is popular in my country . No , he does not . She does not play sports . It is around noon . He is sixteen years old . He is a member of a wheelchair basketball team . No , I can not . It is hard . I am a member of a basketball team . It is exciting . I can not get the anser . He is my cousin . He is studying Spanish . No , I did not . Who is your favorite singer ? It is around my neck . Well , it is a very nice tie too . I do not like it at all . Oh , that is nice ! Peter did not stop . She did not ask . It is almost noon . I am going to leave soon . I will get the handouts for you . It is nothing . It is about nature and tourism . I think that it will be interesting . I am interested in World Heritage Sites too . They do not lay eggs . Now I am ready . It is in front of the station . We will go there again . Then she will enjoy making sushi . You will see flowers . What is your favorite team ? I am going to visit my aunt in Kobe . What is the history homework ? We do not have to do them . There is a test next week . I am going to see someone . I will be back in a few hours . It is full of poison . We will be careful . I will check it out . What is this brown stuff in it ? I will eat some . It is poison ! It is delicious ! You are right . It is suger ! I am full . We are in trouble . You will see . Now we are really in trouble . I am back . I will punish you for that ! You do not have to . Soon we will all die . I will show you some pictures . That is amazing . It is a boomerang . How is this ? That is enough . She is not home yet . There is no club meeting tomorrow morning . I will tell her . It is a letter . It is smaller than your eraser . It is the smallest letter in the world . They are more useful than other ways . I am going to talk about sports . That is all . Here is the ticket . That is surprising . But I can not pay that much . But it is too large . It is the same shirt in your size . I will take it . Last year I was depressed because I did not win any kendo matches . You will see it on your right . I am Marie Dupont , a dress designer from France . I am interested in Japanese fashion and popular culture . I have just finished my homework . I would love to . I have been interested in rakugo since last year . I am David Jones from the Crown News . I am gload to hear that . I would like to ask you a few questions . I have been to many countries to give rakugo shows . I have had a few . I have enjoyed talking with you . I have been to the art museum . I am in shock . But it is important for us to see the reality of war . She did not llose her hope , but she never left the hospital . I will take this cake . It is for a birthday party . She did not want to take it . She did not understand his passion for Winter . Winter did not like them because they were too stiff to use easily . So I would like to visit Mongolia and stay in one . It is easy . I do not understand . We are almost ready . I would like to study abroad . My parents do not think I am ready . I do not know what to do . I will use a computer to make music . I do not know when my dream will come true , but it will . In Japan , I was so busy that I could not keep my passion . I did not know what he wanted . I am going to watch a movie . I am going to make lunch for Kumi . I am thinking about our graduation . I am going to give a present to Mr Oka . I am afraid he is walking the dog . I am sure he does . OK , I will tell him . This meant he could not study at night . To keep going to school , he neede a school uniform and books , but his family did not have enough money to buy them . And , when you do , give it all you have got . I soon learned that crying did not help . That did not stop me . It is enght o'clock . Let's take it home . Don't pick it . Let's take a picture . That is Paul's bag . Let's eat at that shop . Let's practice a little . What's up ? Can you help me with tomorrow's homework ? These are pictures of Ms White's classroom . Then let's go by bike . I visited a shrine on New Year's Day . Don't sing that terrible song . I learned the actions for 'flower' and 'tree' . If it is clear , let's play baseball . If it rains , let's play table tennis in the gym . What's next ? They learn about the islands' plants , fish and animals . These rules portect the islands' plants and animals . Let's save the earth . Don't worry . Let's see . But don't forget . Remember , don't touch the pot over there while I am out . Yes , let's . Don't ! Let's break his special plate . What's going on ? What's up , Ken ? But you want to be an engineer , don't you ? I recently started to learn 'ikebana' because I really like flowers . What's that ? Let's look at their reasons . They say this is the best way to understand the person's feelings . What's the most popular ? 'Bandanna' and 'shampoo' are from Hindi . At the Market , you can buy farmers' best goods . Let's work together for the future- a world without landmines , a world at peace . At that time , I came across Mr Gray's words . We became 'one' , and we won the match . Characters' faces clearly express their feelings . I want to show the guests 'shodo' . I have studied 'shodo' for seven years . That means I can teach them how to write their names in 'katakana' . In addition , I can show them 'shodo' writing with a big brush . I am sure the guests will enjoy 'shodo' . Why don't you come with me ? Let's begin . Kimie-san , today's performance was really great ! Some Japanese habits are different from other cultures' . What's your next plan ? What's your favorite song ? In the sixth grade , she was selected as a member of the relay team for the school's sports day . Because of this , the hospital staff came to respect Sawyer's special connection to Winter . Winter's tail became very bad . Sawyer's mother hugged him . He is a director who made some of the world's most exciting films . In these events , we were able to see Brazilians' love for sports and soccer in particular . Over two million people attend every day's events . My grandmother's aunt was among them . We can eat local food like 'soki soba' . We can learn how to dance the 'eisa' . She was sitting near the 'Whites Only' section . Now I am 'a doctor without borders' and use 'a language without borders' . What's wrong ? He knows your number , doesn't he ? With these words , a new young champion , Nishikori Kei , came on the world's tennis scene . He said , " Practice hard , and we can get the trophy . We are a great team . " One hunter said , " I am hungry . We can eat here . " It said , " We have many orders . Please understand . " The messages said , " Put your guns on the table , " " Take off your clothes , " and " Put salt and vinegar on your bodies . " " That is strange , " one hunter said . " We are not making orders . Those messages are orders from this restaurant ! " " That means . Oh , no ! We are the food ! " " Those eyes are watching us ! " One hunter looked back and said , " Where is the restaurant ? It is not there . " Mr Suzuki told us , " Newspapers are important to people everywhere . We need to report the news every day . We have many things to do . " She said , " You need to get along with your teammates . You need to break the language barrier . Get a lot of experience . It is all about your heart . " You built a " bridge " between us . Say , " I am sorry . The food tastes delicious , but I can not eat that much . " " Why did my grandmother die ? Why did everyone leave me ? " cried a boy of fourteen . " I hate my father and mother . " " Oh , he understands me , " Tsutomu thought . The minister said , " Tsutomu , do you want to come and stay with us ? My wife and children will welcome you . " Tsutomu felt happy and said , " Yes . " His motto is " Try to be the only one , not just number one . " The program is " El Sistema . " Many Doraemon fans celebrated his 100-year " before " birthday . Another popular example of Japanese pop culture is the word " kawaii . " " Kawaii " is also used outside Japan now . One day , she said to me , " Your father often wears aloha shirts to work . I like them . They are very Hawaiian . " " Yes , I like them , too . I also love Japanese clothes . I am interested in Japanese kimonos , " I answered . " How were the kimonos brought from Japan to Hawaii ? " she asked . Have you ever heard of " fair trade " ? Well , maybe the prices are " fair . " They work under " unfair " conditions . One of my friends said , " I have never seen such a beautiful temple before ! " I said to myself , " I have never seen such a beautiful aurora before . " " Yes . It was some seventy years ago . I heard a lullaby that night , too . " I said to them , " Come and rest in my shade . You will be all right soon . " " Mommy ! Mommy ! " the boy cried . " Do not cry , " the girl said . " Mommy is here . " " Mommy , " the boy was still crying . " Be a good boy , " said the girl . " You will be all right . " " I want our future generations to play the violins , too , " said Mr Nakazawa . " I want the to pass on the memories . " She is still fighting for a world that is " free from the displaced , the homeless , and the hopeless . " But a class called " Filmmaking " has changed me . Only three words were written on it - " The Green Door . " He got another card with the words " The Green Door . " " I fainted , did not I ? " she said . " I have not eaten for three days . " " Oh , no ! " cried Rudolf . " Wait ! I will be right back . " " It is ridiculous to go without eating , " said Rudolf . " And you have no family or friends in the city ? " asked Rudolf . " No . Nobody , " answered the woman . " Oh , now I am sleepy , but I feel much better . Thank you . " Rudolf said , " Well , good night . I will come back tomorrow to see how you are . " At the door , she asked , " But why did you knock at my door ? " " By mistake , " he replied . Rudolf stepped out on the street and asked the card man , " Why did you give me these cards ? " Above the theater entrance , there was a big sign saying " The Green Door . " He said to himself , " Anyway , I believe fate guided me to her ! " " We only have one life to live , " wrote Michio . Good morning , everyone . Good morning . B-A-K-E-R . Call me Ms Baker . Are you Ando Saki ? Yes , I am . Call me Saki , please . Oh , a judo uniform . Are you in the judo club , Saki ? Are you from America ? Are you from New York ? So are you a Boston Red Sox fan ? Ms Baker , this is your pen . Oh , yes . Here you are . Thank you . This is a nice picture ! Is this Mt Fuji ? Yes , it is . Is that an amusement park ? Oh ! A department store . Ms Baker , this is Alex . Alex , this is Ms Baker . Hi , Alex . Nice to meet you . Nice to meet you , too . Hi , my name is Deepa Mitra . I like math . I study it every day . I like music , too . I play the guitar in a band . Do you practice the guitar every day ? Yes , I do . I practice at home . Do you play the piano , too ? But I sing . Really ? Do you write original music ? Do you like baseball ? I play soccer . Do you know about judo ? But just a little . I go to judo school every Sunday , too . I want a black belt . Excuse me . I want two lemons , three peaches , and two packs of cherries , please . Is that all ? Yes . Nice hundred and eighty yen , please . Thank you very much . Twenty yen . Do you have any pets now ? But my parents have some rabbits in Boston . Oh , really ? How many rabbits do they have ? Three . Do you have a picture ? Oh , we have too much . Here . Take a doggy bag , everyone . A doggy bag ? Look . We put food in it , and we take it back home . Oh , I see . My favorite subject is English . My name is Kudo Kana . I like volleyball . I practice it very hard . Is it chocolate ? The recipe is not difficult . India is famous for curry , right ? We usually eat it with our fingers . What do you have for breakfast ? I often have toast and milk . How about you ? I have rice and miso soup . I also have an egg , natto , and tofu . Oh , you eat a lot ! Erika , how are you today ? Take this medicine , and take a rest . Not so good . I have a headache . Thank you , Dad . Hello , everyone . Look at this picture . This Haruki , my brother . He lives in Australia . He studies at a university there . He speaks English really well . He sometimes teaches Japanese . Does Haruki live near a beach ? Yes , he does . He lives in Gold Coast . The city has many beautiful beaches . Does he go to the beach every day ? But he goes there on weekends . What does he do there ? He runs , swims , and surfs with his friends . Do you know the animals of Australia ? I know koalas and kangaroos . Well , they come into the backyard of our house . My sister often draws the koalas in the trees . Does Haruki like koalas , too ? Hello ? Hi , Yun-ho . Great . See you then . Goodbye . Hello , Erika ? This is Yun-ho . Are you free on Saturday ? My party starts at three . Bye . This is a picture of my home in Brazil . She likes soccer . How old is she ? Is she in junior high school ? Well , this picture is old . Really ! Do you call your family in Brazil ? Yes , sometimes . The time is different . What time is it there now ? What season is it ? What language do people in Brazil speak ? English ? We speak Portuguese . But you speak English well . Does Maria speak English , Too ? Her English is very good . She plays soccer in America now . Wow . Which do you speak at home , English or Portuguese ? Of course , Portuguese . Happy Birthday ! And many happy returns of the day . Erika . Where are my pencils ? Hi , Jan . Do you know this book ? Is it yours ? I like this book . I like that one , Winnie-the-Pooh . Whose book is that ? Do you know any other good books ? How about The Tale of Peter Rabbit ? Oh , I know Peter Rabbit . I like him very much . The writer is Beatrix Potter . Do you know about her ? Welcome to Midori International Junior High School ! Our school is in Midori City , Japan . We have about 200 students and 16 teachers . These are pictures from our school festival . We enjoy year . We love our school . Mike , my brother , works in this Chinese restaurant . Kota is drinking water . Deepa is watching the cook . Saki and Alex are talking about the menu . Oh , Mike is coming . What are the people watching ? Wow ! The man is changing his masks so fast . Are you taking pictures , Kato ? Kota , what do these Chinese words mean ? Be careful . OK . Oh , no ! Two of them are wrong . Pardon me ? Go down this street . Turn left at the second traffic light . I get up at seven . I leave home at seven fifty . I walk to school . I get to school at eight ten . We have lunch at twelve thirty . I play soccer after school . I usually study before dinner . I go to bed at about eleven . How are you ? I am in a hotel in Boston with my family . Haruki is sleeping . He can sleep anywhere . But I cannot sleep tonight . I am so excited ! I have an English book about Boston with me . I can read it with a dictionary . I like this city . Have a nice winter vacation and a happy new year ! This is Boston Common . We can skate there . Can you skate ? Yes , I can . We can see some wonderful buildings on the way . Can you guess ? Who is he ? Thank you for yesterday , Ms Brown . Well , this museum has many works of Japanese art . Can you find Mt Fuji in it ? We love that mountain . A lot of people climb it . When can you climb it ? Between July and September . I see . Mt Fuji in Boston . What a surprise ! Can I open the window ? Can you help me with my homework ? Sure . Erika , dinner is ready . Can you set the table ? We watched a music show on TV . And we tried some special soba . People clapped their hands and prayed . We clapped , too . We prayed for a good year . Our soccer team has a good captain . He came to school early and practiced very hard . But he injured his leg . We went to the hospital and talked with him . We practiced , practiced , practiced , and got the trophy . Did you read my report ? Yes , I did . I read it last night . You wrote about Boston . I had a wonderful time there . Where did you travel this winter ? But I enjoy my life in Japan with you all . I enjoy your class , too . Well , have a nice day , Ms Baker . See you tomorrow , Saki . I am in Shimane now . It took about one and a half hours by plane . I got up early this morning . I enjoyed breakfast with my family . We visited a big shrine . We saw many interesting thigs . It is raining now and a little cold . But Matsue is a beautiful city . I am having a great time . We had our sports day in June . I can run fast . So I ran in the relay . Our team won first place . I enjoyed the day very much . Two hunters lost their way in a forest . They found restaurant , Wildcat House . They read a message on the door . In the restaurant , the hunters saw many messages . Then the hunters saw two shiny eyes in two big keyholes of the door . The hunters ran out of the restaurant . They stood alone in the forest . The wind blew over them . I went to Fukui with my family two weeks ago . This is a picture of a dinosaur museum . You can get a lot of information about dinosaurs and natural history at the museum . We enjoyed delicious food , too . For example , we ate Echizen soba . We had a good time . How did you get to Fukui ? We went there by car . Can we see a tyrannosaurus in the museum ? Yes , we can . How many hours did you spend at the museum ? We spent three hours there ! We saw a lot of dinosaurs . Midori Stationery Shop is having a sale . This pen was 150 yen last week . Five notebooks were 500 yen . Are you ready , Deepa ? Our class starts in a few minutes . Just a second ! What were you doing ? I was looking for my pencil case . Oh , did you buy that ? Thanks . I bought it yesterday at the back-to-school sale . *April 20 , 4:25 am . Hi . My school starts in September and ends in June . Is it the same in Japan ? My school has lots of fun events . Last month , we had a dance . Both students and teachers danced in the cafeteria on that day . It was fun ! What events do you have at your school ? I was surprised . Your school is different from ours . In Japan , the school year starts in April . You all look happy ! Our school has fun events , like a chorus contest . Each class sings together on stage . You wrote your message at 4:25 am Japan time . I was sleeping then ! We live far away from each other , but we can be friends . I cleaned my room in the morning . After lunch , I went to the library and borrowed some books . In the evening , I watched a soccer game on TV . It was exciting . I went fishing at the Midori River with my friends . We caught many fish . Other people were fishing there , too . We gave some fish to them . Hi , Deepa . What are your plans for the holidays ? My sister and I are going to see many things . Do you want anything from the UK ? Show me your passport , please . Sightseeing . How long are you going to stay ? For five days . Where are you going to stay ? Enjoy your stay . Look at the clock tower beside the Thames . Many people call it Big Ben . Maybe the name comes from its builder , Benjamin Hall . He was a very big man . People call it the London Eye . We can see a great view from the top . In London , we can find both old buildings and new ones . Emi and I are at Oxford University now . It took about one hour from London to Oxford by train . This is the dining hall . Maybe you know it from the Harry Potter movies . I love them . So I remember this hall from many scenes . We can see so many things in our travels . The world is full of interesting places . May I ask you a favor ? Could you take our picture ? Could you take another one , please ? All right . Say cheese ! No problem . Wash your hands in the right way . Look in the mirror to check your appearance . Greet customers with a smile to welcome them . Deepa , where did you go on Career Day ? I went to an Italian restaurant . I want to be a chef . How was it ? It was interesting , but I got tired . I went to a newspaper company . I want to be a journalist . Sounds interesting . I want to hear about it . Kota and I went to a newspaper company on Career Day . Mr Suzuki , a journalist , showed us around the office . Then he took us out to interview a soccer player . Now I read newspapers every morning . For my future , I have many things to learn . I went to a soccer stadium to interview Miyama Aya . Mr Suzuki , a journalist , took us there . Ms Miyama played for some teams in the United States . I want to play soccer abroad in the future , too . So I asked her for some advice . Her message impressed me . To play abroad is not easy , but I really want to try . Hi , Erika . Guess what ! We want to hold a farewell party for you . Do you have any plans next Sunday afternoon ? Tell us your schedule . Thank you for the party . Your plan surprised me very much . I want to be a computer programmer . I have two reasons . First , I like to surf the Internet . Second , I want to make useful websites . So the job is perfect for me . To be a good programmer , I study math , science , and English really hard . I love nature , and I like to hike in the woods . My favorite place is Yosemite National Park . People call them giant sequoias . I really love the nature in Yosemite . So I want to be a park ranger there . Rangers work for the park to protect its environment . My cousin works as a ranger in Yosemite . She knows a lot about nature . So I often ask her about it . In the future , I hope to teach the importance of nature to the next generation . Mary lived in the country . Ben , her neighbor , was a good friend . One day , they found a cow . What ? Why do you think so ? It has the same short legs as my other cows . No , Mary . It has the same long , black tail as my other cows . What are you saying ? After this little fight , Ben took the cow . A week passed . Hello . Who are you ? Please call me Pat . Do you have any work for me ? Yes , Pat . Look at that small stream over there . Ben , my bad neighbor , made it last week . Oh , you sound so angry . Can you make a big fence along the stream ? Pat worked hard and fast . At sunset , he finished his work . Mary came to see it . She was very surprised . Well , I built a bridge over the stream . Why did you do that ? Take down this bridge right now ! Wait ! Ben ran across the bridge and came to talk to Mary . Please take it back , and be my friend again . Oh , Ben . Well , the bridge worked ! You both look very happy . Thank you , Pat . Please stay here , Pat . We have a lot of work for you . I have many other bridges to build . He left with a smile . You have to speak English here . Communication is important . Saki , did you sleep well ? Yes , thank you . Well , make your bed and come downstairs . Make my bed ? We all have to make our own beds . Everyone in my host family is kind to me . But my host mother always gives me too much food . Do I have to eat everything , or can I tell her ? You must tell your host mother . A few days later . Thank you for your advice . It worked ! Now I can really enjoy my meals . My host family is very busy . Carlo , you must not compare host families . Your family has its good points . Try to find them . Talk to them . They try hard to talk with me . They like to laugh . Sure , Just a second . Hi , Meg . This is Meg . May I speak to Erika , please ? Fine . Maybe some other time . These are universal design products . You can use them easily and safely . If you are interested , we will send you a catalog . Our phone number is 5390-7416 . I mistook the shampoo for the conditioner last night . I washed my hair twice . Did you know that shampoo bottles have bumps ? Bumps ? I think universal designs are great . I used a wheelchair for the first time in my life today . I felt a little scared . I tried to get on a bus , but it was difficult . The bus door was wide . Even so , it was very hard . I needed a lot of help . I learned an important lesson from this experience . Universal design products are all around us . For example , look at this plastic bottle . We can hold it easily because it has a special shape . Now , look at this picture . Do you see the ramp by the stairs ? These days , many public places use the idea of universal design . Which bus goes to the Palace Theater ? Where should we get off ? How long does it take ? The Palace Theater ? Take Bus No104 . It stops over there . A bus arrives every ten minutes . Get off at 47th Street . Oh . I think it takes about ten minutes . Come and Laugh ! There is a single cushion on the stage . There are many seats for the audience . What will happen here ? What is rakugo like ? Well , one performer plays several different characters . Is there a special stage set ? Yes , there is . Are there any props ? Yes , there are . A fan and a hand towel . The performer uses them in different ways . These days , rakugo is spreading to other countries . Their cultures are different , so rakugo performers change parts of the stories . Then , everyone can understand them . Laughter is a strong bridge . Some doctors think that laughter is also good for our health . They even hold rakugo shows for their patients . Now , enjoy listening to some classic rakugo stories in English . Relax and have fun ! In a cafeteria , three classmates are talking about scary things . Ha-ha . How about you , Mark ? Eric buys some donuts . Here are your donuts , Mark ! Mark starts eating the donuts . Seeing donuts is really scary . Oh , I forgot to tell you . I live in Kumamoto City in Kyushu . Kyushu is in the southwest of Japan . My city is famous for Kumamoto Castle . Its main palace is popular . There are beautiful rooms , a great kitchen , a simple tea room , and so on . You can learn about history there . Look at this picture . This is my town in Fujian , China . You can see some round houses . People call them Fujian Tulou . I live in one of these houses . There are about 350 rooms . About 300 people from 60 families live together in our house . I live there with my parents , grandparents , two uncles , three aunts and three cousins . There are kitchens on the first floor , and food storage rooms on the second floor . There are living rooms and bedrooms on the third and fourth floors . If we are hungry , we have to go downstairs . I like my house and town because living together with a big family is fun . The sun was bright in the blue sky above him . But the boy could not see it because he was blind . The boy was born in 1952 in Okinawa . His father was Mexican-American and his mother was Japanese . Bother of them left home when he was a baby . So his grandmother took care of him . He liked music very much . One day , he heard some hymns on the radio . He was interested in them . He wanted to hear some other hymns , and so he went to a church . At the church , he met the minister . Tsutomu told him about his life . The minister listened to him quietly . When Tsutomu stopped talking , he found that the minister was crying . Tsutomu wanted to become a minister , too . So he went to college and studied very hard . He also learned singing and sang in church . His hatred of this parents began to fade . He decided to help other people in need . Tsutomu is now proud of his singing . We can feel the brightness and sadness of Okinawa through his beautiful voice in his song Sugarcane Fields . The dolphin is larger than the tuna . But the tuna swims faster than the dolphin . The blue whale is the largest of all animals . It is longer than a 25-meter swimming pool ! Thank you , Deepa . I love dolphins , so I really enjoyed your book . Oh , then you should see this movie , Dolphin Tale . That scene is the most impressive in the movie . Sawyer is a shy 11-year-old boy . One day , he sees a dolphin on a beach . The dolphin has a serious tail injury . Sawyer tries to help her . Soon some people from an aquarium come to rescue her . They name her Winter and take good care of her . Sawyer visits the aquarium every day to see her . Winter knows that Sawyer saved her life . So she looks happy when she sees Sawyer . Winter becomes his best friend . Winter looks happy , but her condition does not get better . The doctor must cut off her tail . But making an artificial one is very expensive . Sawyer thinks of an idea . He plans a charity event with volunteers . Many people come , and Sawyer collects money for Winter . Sawyer is no longer shy . Finally , Winter gets a new tail . She can swim as well as other dolphins . This movie is a true story of the bond between people and animals . May I help you ? We have more in the back . What color are you looking for ? How about this orange one ? Shall I show you a smaller one ? Yes , please . I like these jackets . Something bright . Oh , this is nice . How much is it ? My favorite comic is Star Trip . A hero and his friends travel to the stars to search for treasure . I like it because there are many cool characters in it . My favorite comic is Naruto . Naruto is a story about ninjas . I get excited when I read it . I think this comic is the best because the story is very exciting . I want to study English by reading it in English . I like soccer the best of all sports . I started playing soccer when I was years old . I like soccer because I can make friends through soccer . Playing soccer with my friends is fun . I like classical music . My family is poor , but I learn music thanks to a special program . In 1975 , the government started it to help poor children in Venezuela . In this program , children can borrow instruments and become a member of an orchestra . The program is free . Can you believe it ? Now El Sistema is one of the most famous educational programs in the world . More than 350000 children are members . I joined the program five years ago . I play the violin . I really enjoy playing music with my friends in the orchestra . My life is happier than before . I think the power of music is great . Imagine that you live on a high mountain . There is no electricity or gas . You need to eat every day . So you have to find ways to heat and cook food . When you are in a place like this , you can use a solar cooker . You can also use one after a disaster . A solar cooker is a tool to heat food in a pot . It collects sunlight in the pot . It can cook rice , boil eggs , and even bake cakes . A solar cooker is helpful to people in developing countries . Why ? First , making a solar cooker does not cost much . You can make one with only cardboard and aluminum foil . Second , people in developing countries can get cleaner water by boiling it with a solar cooker . Drinking water from rivers and lakes is one of the biggest causes of disease . Third , a solar cooker is safe because it does not make smoke . More than one third of the people in the world burn firewood indoors to cook . A lot of children die from its smoke . A solar cooker can solve another big problem because it does not use any fuel . People need a lot of wood to cook every day . Collection wood is hard work , especially for women and children . With a solar cooker , they do not have to collect wood anymore . More than two billion people use wood to heat food . Cutting trees in forests adds to global warming . If you use one solar cooker , you can save about 550 kilograms of wood every year . We use a lot of energy in our daily lives . We get most of this energy from gas and oil , but they are limited . A solar cooker uses solar power . It is an example of renewable energy . There are other examples of this energy , such as water , wind , and natural heat in the ground . Renewable energy facilities often cost a lot , but you may find a simple idea , like a solar cooker . Sometimes a simple idea has the power to change the world for the better . Look at the map and the table . Canada is north of the United States . There are many places to see in Canada , like Niagara Falls and the Canadian Rockies . A lot of people go to Canada to enjoy its beautiful nature . I want to go and see it myself . This is famous painting by Vincent van Gogh . It is oved by many people . Van Gogh was influenced by ukiyo-e . Some ukiyo-e prints are shown in this painting . They were brought from Japan to Europe . Was this picture also painted by the same person ? Yes , it was . When was it painted ? Is the year written in the book ? It was painted in 1887 . How about now ? Japanese manga and anime characters are loved in many countries . Draemon is one good example . In 2012 , he was given special birthday parties in Hong Kong and Taiwan . A lot of people are attracted by kawaii culture such as Hello Kitty goods and other unique designs . I read about ukiyo-e and Japanese pop culture today . I knew little about them before , but I learned that both are much loved in foreign countries . I also learned that ukiyo-e was pop culture in Japan during the Edo period . In fact , ukiyo-e prints were sold like posters . I think manga and anime will be traditional Japanese arts like ukiyo-e someday . Maybe even kawaii culture can become a part of Japanese tradition . This idea makes me happy . Help yourself , Erika . Would you like some more ? May I have some water ? Of course . This dish is delicious . What is it called ? Would you like another piece of meat loaf ? No , thank you . This is called a yunomi . This yunomi is Arita ware from Saga Prefecture . There are many kinds of yunomi in Japan . Some of them are really beautiful . An onigiri is a popular Japanese food . Sumo is the national sport of Japan . You can take onigiri anywhere . A sumo match is fast and simple . I often eat them on picnics . Many people enjoy watching sumo on TV . My name is Maile Johnson . Last summer , I met Sayuri , a 17-year-old Japanese student . She visited Hawaii to study English during her summer vacation . She stayed at our house for two weeks as a homestay student . We became very good friends . Actually , the first aloha shirts in Hawaii were made by people from Asia . They were made from Japanese kimonos . I told this story to Sayuri . It made her curious . Today aloha shirts are known around the world as examples of Hawaiian culture . You can see them in many places . Cultures are mixing and the world is becoming smaller . Hi , everyone ! My grandfather is Japanese . I watched some programs in Brazil . Hey , Kota . How did you know that ? Paulo , your coach , told me about you . He taught me soccer when he was in Brazil . How long have you known him ? For about eight years . Now he often comes to our house in Japan . The Amazon has been important to Brazil for many years . The Amazon has been helpful to everyone here , too . It runs through a huge rain forest . The oxygen in this classroom may come from Brazil ! The rain forest of the Amazon has many unique animals . People are destroying the rain forest . It has continued for years . Between the 1970s and 2010 , about 740 , 000 square kilometers of the forest disappeared . I want to become a scientist and do something for the plants and animals of the Amazon . The Amazon is a treasure of the world . My name is Erika . I am a junior high school student in New York . I lived in Japan before , and I have been a big fan of yours since then . Today , I saw the game at Yankee Stadium . I have a question . You have been successful in the United States . What is your next goal ? Please write back if you have time . I wish you the best of luck . Yes , I have . Have you ever seen this mark ? No . Come and discover the world of fair trade . Chocolates , coffee , clothes . Are these all fair trade products ? It says more than fifty products are sold here . Have you looked at the prices yet ? No , not yet . Have you ? They seem a little expensive . Ghana produces a lot of cacao . Many cacao farm workers are very poor because cacao is sold at a low price . Many children in Ghana have to work on farms to help their families . Some of them have never been to school . Fair trade can solve these problems . If you buy fair trade chocolate , more money goes to the workers . Your shopping choices can make a difference . I enjoyed the event today . It was great . They have never eaten chocolate themselves . I was surprised to hear that . What can we do for those children ? I think choosing fair trade products is one way to support them . Learning about the people behind the products is another . I was glad to learn about fair trade today . I want to learn more . Have you ever been to the Statue of Liberty ? But I want to visit it someday . Would you like to come with me ? When and where shall we meet ? Is that OK ? At 10:30 ? Have you ever used a furoshiki ? Furoshiki are traditional Japanese pieces of cloth . They are square , and are used to wrap and carry things . They are good for the environment because they can be used many times . They are also convenient . You can fold them up and keep them in your pocket . I think more people should use furoshiki . Using furoshiki is on way to help the environment . We went to Kyoto on a school trip in June . Kyoto is an old city with many traditional buildings . My favorite was Kinkaku-ji . I thought it was beautiful , too . I also enjoyed talking with my friends at night . We went to Tokyo on a school trip in May . There are a lot of places to visit in Tokyo . The view from Tokyo Skytree was great . I also went to Harajuku and bought a present for my sister . I was glad to take a wonderful tour in Tokyo . We went to Okinawa on a school trip from June 7 to 9 . I was very impressed with Himeyuri-no-to . Our group also visited Shuri-jo . I learned a lot from this trip . My name is Paavo Laitinen . Last winter , we went to Lapland on a school trip . Lapland is a region in northern Finland . It has been popular among tourists for a long time because the nature there is really beautiful . On the trip , we enjoyed many activities . My favorite activity was a husky tour . We got on a sled , and huskies pulled it through the forest . It was very exciting . Seeing an aurora was also one of the purposes of this trip . Have you ever heard of auroras ? We went to a vast snow field at night to see one . Fortunately , the weather was perfect . We could see a band of bright green lights in the sky . I was very happy to see it . In Lapland , I could feel a sense of living within nature . This has become the best memory of my junior high school days so far . A big , old tree stands by a road near the city of Hiroshima . Through the years , it has seen many things . One summer night , the tree heard a lullaby . A mother was singing to her little girl under the tree . They looked happy , and the song sounded sweet . But the tree remembered something sad . On the morning of that day , a big bomb fell on the city of Hiroshima . Many people lost their lives , and many others were injured . They had burns all over their bodies . I was very sad when I saw those people . It was a very hot day . Some of the people fell down near me . Night came . Some people were already dead . I heard a weak voice . It was a lullaby . A young girl was singing to a little boy . Then she began to sing again . She was very weak , but she tried to be a mother to the poor little boy . She held him in her arms like a real mother . She held the boy more tightly and began to sing again . After a while , the boy stopped crying and quietly died . But the little mother did not stop singing . It was a sad lullaby . Morning came and the sun rose , but the girl never moved again . Do you know what to do in an emergency ? In case of fire , go outside . Walk fast . In case of an earthquake , cover your head first . Wait in safe place until it stops . Learn how to protect yourself . But one may happen at any time . What do you mean ? On March 11 , 2012 , there was a special violin performance in the city of Rikuzentakata . The audience listened closely to the sound of the violin . Some of the people were in tears . That violin was very special to everyone there . The violin was made by Nakazawa Muneyuki , a famous violin maker . After the earthquake hit Japan in 2011 , he wondered how to help as a craftsperson . Then he came up with an idea . It was to make violins from driftwood from the disaster . Though it was not easy to make a violin from the driftwood , Mr Nakazawa created some beautiful violins . The violins have a tender sound with the power to heal people . They have been passed around to many musicians . As of January 2014 , more than 200 musicians have played the violins . Millions of people have listened to the at concerts or on TV not only in Japan , but also around the world . Could you tell me how to get to Kokuritshu-kyogijo Station ? Take the Ginza Line to Aoyama-itchome , and change trains there . How many stops is Aoyama-itchome from here ? Three stops . Which line should I take from Aoyama-itchome ? Take the Oedo Line . My pleasure . Look at these robots playing the taiko drums . They were originally made as industrial robots . Now they are great musicians . Feel the traditional rhythms created by technology . Are you interested in robots ? Yes , especially robots made in Japan . Do you know what they can do ? I heard some of them can walk , talk , and even kick a ball . Not long ago , robots like those were just a dream . I know what you mean . Our dreams are becoming reality . Exactly . Deepa , what do you think ? I think robots make our lives better because they help us in many ways . Some robots can put together products , like cars or cameras . They do it quickly and precisely . Other robots can work in dangerous places instead of people . I agree with her in part . The robots working for us are amazing . Some robots work in hospitals and homes . The number of elderly people is increasing . Future robots may be able to help them when they take a bath , or go shopping . Robots are machines . Thank you , everyone . In my opinion , you should keep thinking about the best way to live with robots . Hello , Mrs Walker . This is Erika . May I speak to Meg , please ? Do you want her to call you back ? But can I leave a message ? Could you tell her to come to my house at two ? Your house at two . Thank you , Mrs Walker . Say hello to your parents for me . This is a book I bought from the United States . These are some of the people I found in it . I saw an impressive movie yesterday . What was it about ? It was about the life of Aung San Suu Kyi . Is she the woman Ms Baker talked about ? In 1988 , there was a movement for democracy in Myanmar . A great number of people who joined it were killed . People needed a strong leader , and asked Aung San Suu Kyi to join them . She accepted , and decided to work for her country . In 1989 , the government put her under house arrest to stop the movement . She was locked up for 15 years in total , but she never gave up . In 1991 , she won the Nobel Peace Prize . The world recognized her efforts for democracy and human rights . She wanted to visit him in the UK , but she could not leave her suffering people behind . In the end , she stayed in Myanmar and never saw him again . It was a sad decision that they made together . In 2010 , she was finally set free . The world that she wants may not come easily , but she keeps striving for it . Many Japanese students wear school uniforms , but most American students do not . I think that we should have school uniforms . These are my reasons . First , if we have school uniforms , we do not have to worry about what to wear every day . Second , having school uniforms saves us money on clothes . Third , when we wear school uniforms , we can feel that we belong to our school . School uniforms are good for students in many ways . I think that we should also have school uniforms in the United States . I want to be a player who can lead a team to the national tournament . I listened to a radio English course every day . I was really glad that I won first prize in the speech contest . I want to broaden my horizons . I lived in Japan before , and moved here last year . There are students of various cultures in my school , too . Filmmaking is an elective class that is very popular in my school . In the class , students work in groups and learn how to make their own movies . My group had four members who all had different ideas and opinions . So we discussed things a lot and sometimes argued . But as we were all working hard for the same goal , we came to accept one another . We brought different ideas together , and completed a wonderful movie in the end . Filmmaking taught me to accept differences and learn from other people . I want everyone to learn the importance of respecting differences , and I believe there will be something I can do to help . Rudolf read the card . A man who also received a card threw his away in front of Rudolf . Rudolf picked it up . Rudolf wondered why and walked past the card man again . Many cards were thrown away on the street , but they were all for the dentist . Rudolf was sure that an adventure was waiting for him . He entered the building and climbed to the third floor . There was a dark hallway . On the left , he saw a green door . He walked straight to the door and knocked . Slowly , the door opened . A young woman stood there . She was pale and weak . She began to fall , but Rudolf caught her in his arms and carried her to a sofa in the room . After a while , the woman opened her eyes . She was very beautiful , but also very thin . The woman looked at Rudolf calmly , and smiled . He ran out of the room and came back with a lot of food . The woman began to eat and told him about herself . Her story was nothing new . She got sick and lost her job . She ran out of money and stayed in her room without hope . Then she heard the knock on her green door . Rudolf did not think that he should tell her about the cards . He saw her smile as the door closed . Rudolf looked around more carefully in the hallway . He realized that every door on that floor was green . It was the title of a play . On his way home , Rudolf thought about his day . There is always an adventure just around the corner if you look for it . He was a university student , and one day he was looking at a book about Alaska . A photograph in the book caught his attention . It was a photograph of a small village surrounded by wilderness . Michio wanted to visit and experience that place for himself . He wrote a letter to the mayor of the village . It took six months , but the mayor wrote back . For one summer , Michio lived among the Inuit people in that Alaskan village . He learned about Inuit food , family life , and culture . He also learned skills for living without city conveniences . For the Inuit , life depends on understanding nature . They have to hunt for meat and gather blueberries for food . Michio saw how humans and animals shared the land . That summer , he became a part of the Alaskan wilderness , too . After Michio finished university in Japan , he returned to Alaska . For 19 years , he traveled around Alaska as a photographer . He often camped in severe weather to photograph animals in the wild . Michio really used the survival skills the Inuit taught him . Once he wrote about flying to the tundra to photograph caribou . He stayed there alone for one month . As the plane left him , Michio felt lonely in a vast wilderness . But even more , he felt incredibly free . Michio tried to show this feeling of freedom and wonder in his photographs . He took playful photographs of polar bears and majestic photographs of Arctic mountains . In 1996 , he was killed by a bear as he camped alone in Kamchatka . Though his life was cut short , Michio seemed truly happy as a photographer . He loved his work and he loved Alaska . That is the magic of photographs . However , the Alaskan wilderness is changing because of global warming . The Arctic glaciers are melting . The polar bears and seals photographed by Michio cannot hunt and catch food . The habitat of the caribou is growing smaller . Even the Inuit are losing their traditional way of life . The Alaskan wilderness was special to Michio . He used his photographs to share it with us , and to show us the importance of life on the Earth . I am Ellen Baker . No , I am not . I am from Boston . That is my pen . You are welcome . No , it is not . It is a depato . In English , it is a department store . He is my friend . He is from Canada . She is our English teacher . That is a nice T-shirt . I am from India . I am twelve . No , I do not . I do not play baseball . I am a member of the judo club . Here is your change . Here is one . Hello , I am Ikeda Shin . I do not like math , but I study it every day . I am on the volleyball team . Kota , what is this ? It is a recipe for curry . What is this ? It is a block of curry . We do not use that in my country . How is the curry ? It is delicious ! You are a great cook . That is good . That is interesting . I am hungry in the morning . What is wrong ? I am Ando Saki . No , he does not . I do not know . Usually , he does not talk about animals . Yes , I am free . It is my birthday . Who is this girl ? She is Maria , my daughter . She is very cute . She is twenty-seven years old now . It is 4 am And the season is different , too . It is fall in Japan , so it is spring in Brazil . Oh , I am late ! Where is my dictionary ? It is under the books . Where is my eraser ? It is by the computer . They are in your pocket . Kota , you are late . I am sorry . Oh , that is Harry Potter . Yes , it is mine . It is a story of a naughty rabbit . She is very famous in the UK We love the nature and animals in her books . It is 50 years old . It is almost noon . We are waiting for him . It is very crowded . They are watching henmen , a traditional Chinese art . I am taking a video . Oh , they are easy . They are not so easy . And do not ask anyone . Well , do not worry about it . I am looking for Midori Station . It is by City Hospital . Who is that ? No , I can not . He is Benjamin Franklin . He is one of the Founding Fathers of America . Oh , that is OK . We can not climb it during winter . It is dangerous . It is hot . I am coming . Sorry , I can not . I am making tempura . I did not travel this winter . I am so happy . Now it is 100 yen . Now they are 400 yen . Do not miss this sale ! It is nice . I am Judy Smith from the United States . I am in the seventh grade . Now you are sleeping , right ? I am going to visit the UK next week . What is the purpose of your visit ? It is about 150 years old . Now , we are going to ride the big Ferris wheel . It is about 20 years old . It is 135 meters tall . It is really interesting . Now I am looking at the real thing . It is amazing . I am here to learn about jobs in restaurants . I tried to learn the whole menu , but I could not . I am going to invite our teachers , too . I am free on Sunday . I can not wait ! I am Kevin Parker . I am from the United States . I am going to talk about my dream . It is a World Heritage Site . It is famous for its very tall trees . Hey , that is my cow . No , that is my cow . It is mine . It is my cow ! I am a traveling carpenter . I am looking for work . I do not want to see his face . Do not take it down ! I am sorry about the cow , Mary . I do not want to lose your friendship . I do not want to lose yours , either . Thank you , but I can not . You are a member of the family . But you do not have to speak perfect English . But I do not know how . I will show you . She will understand . I am sad . They do not take me anywhere , so I have nothing to do on weekends . They are kind and interesting . You are right . Actually , they are very friendly . What is up ? I am sorry , but I can not . It is warm and sunny today , so I am going to ride my bike to the park . Why do not you come ? No , I did not . It is a universal design . What is a universal design ? It is a design for everyone . When I sat in it , I could not use it easily . From now on , when I see someone in need , I will give them a hand . If you are in a wheelchair , or pushing a stroller , you can use the ramp . I think it is great because the products are useful for everyone . But it is simple . There is only a cushion . I am scared of snakes . Well , I am scared of tests . I am scared of donuts . I do not even want to see them . Hey , you said you are scared of donuts ! So I am eating them . I am scared of milk , too . I am Wang Meiling . Do not you think they look interesting ? It is huge . It is more interesting than this book . Do not miss the ending . I will check it out . Without a tail , she will die . People at the aquarium are sad , but they can not do anything . It is the best thing for her . It is sixty dollars . Oh , that is cool . But it is too big for me . I will take it . It is a science fiction story . It is the most popular comic this year . If you are interested , I can tell you more about it . I am a member of Midori FC . I am Anita Lopez from Venezuela . I like it because it is very emotional . I am Ito Kota . I am going to talk about Canada . It is very good . I am glad you like it . It is called meat loaf . It is made from beef . I am full . It is used when you drink tea . A yunomi usually does not have a handle . It is made of rice . It is a kind of wrestling . I think it is as interesting as soccer . I am a high school student in Hawaii . Is not that great ? I am Ricardo Takahashi from Rio de Janeiro . I have lived in Japan for a month . I have loved Japanese anime since I was a little child . I am glad I could finally come to Japan . You are on the soccer team , are not you ? It is a small world ! It looks like the sea , does not it ? Actually , it is a river , the Amazon . It is the largest river in the world . These animals have been there for a long time , but they are losing their home now . That is almost twice the size of Japan . I have been worried about this problem since I was in elementary school . No , I have not . I have seen it before . I have never seen it before . I have already checked some products . It is made into chocolate . They work hard , but they can not make money to live . I have just tried some fair trade chocolate with my family . I am going tomorrow . I would love to . That is perfect . I am looking forward to it . If you have one , you do not have to use wrapping paper or plastic bags . I will never forget this trip . I am a junior high school student in Finland . I have lived in Helsinki for more than ten years . We can not experience that in a city . Do not run . It is difficult for me to imagine a big earthquake . That is true . So it is necessary for us to prepare for disasters , right ? And I think it is important to keep the past in mind . Well , I will tell you a story . It is the train on Track 2 . That is right . But there is also a big problem . I am worried about losing our future jobs . I think they are necessary for our future . That is true , but I am a little afraid of living with robots . If they get out of control , we do not know what they will do . They are too dangerous to be our partners . It is our future . I am sorry , she is out . No , it is OK . We are going to do our papers together . They are all winners of the Nobel Peace Prize . Is there anyone you have seen before ? She is a political leader who fights for democracy and human rights in Myanmar . I have been a member of the volleyball team for three years . At first , it was difficult for us to win a game , but we have improved a lot . I will never forget winning the city championship . I am going to keep playing volleyball . I have studied English hard since elementary school . Now I am interested in learning other languages . It is not easy , but I will do my best . I have played the piano for almost ten years . The lessons were sometimes hard , but I did not give up . I will never forget playing for the chorus contest last year . In high school , I want to try something I have never done . I am Takigawa Erika , a 15-year-old girl living in New York . In New York , I have met people from all over the world . It was not easy for me to get along with them . This is the greatest experience that I have had in my school life . I am still not sure what I can do , but I hope my experiences will help me to find a way . Let's use the doggy bags ! It is Saki's . Let's check it out later . Let's check your answers . Let's see . Let's walk there . Let's go ! On New Year's Eve , my friend and I enjoyed the Japanese way of life . On New Year's Day , we visited a shrine early in the morning . Let's go . Let's keep in touch . At my sister's house in London . Someone knocked at Mary's door . Then the door of Ben's house opened , and Ben came out of this house . You have to follow the family's rules . Saki's host family always takes her to interesting places . I found my family's good points . I have to look after my neighbor's children . The boy's name was Aragaki Tsutomu . Tsutomu started a new life as a member of the minister's warm family . Let's compare sea animals . Let's talk about the movie tomorrow . Winter's injury is very bad . It is the world's second largest country , but its population is only thirty-three million . Its water power produces about eighty percent of Brazil's electricity . That forest produces about twenty percent of the world's oxygen . The children in today's video do not know that cacao is made into chocolate . Let's meet in front of your hotel at 10:30 . The purpose of the trip was to learn about Okinawa's history . The girl's voice became weaker and weaker . Today , let's talk about living with robots . Robots are so efficient that they are taking people's jobs away . It was a prize that attracted people's attention . In 1999 , Aung San Suu Kyi's husband was dying of cancer . It was just an advertisement for a dentist's office . Behind the card man , Rudolf saw a building that had the dentist's office and some shops on the first two floors . One photograph changed Hoshino Michio's life . He invited Michio to Alaska , and Michio's dream came true . In Michio's photographs , the beauty of Alaska will stay with us forever . Michio's own life was changed because of one photograph . Perhaps his photographs will also change someone's life . Maybe Michio's Alaskan photographs will encourage us to think about the beautiful Earth we share . " Why did I receive these mysterious cards , not the dentist's ones ? " The man pointed at a theater down the street and said , " They are for a new show . I was handing them out with the dentist's cards . " Tsutomu's Italian voice trainer once said to him , " Your voice is a gift from God , and also from your father . You are the only one in the world with a voice like that . "